Beep.
Hello, everybody.
Hello.
Atari Mama is number one today at 1015.
I'm a little tiny bit late.
Howard the Duck, garden variety human.
Arthur, I am Katniss.
Good to see you guys this morning.
The basketball season has ended, and the offseason has started.
And I'm very, very excited to be here on the 11th of February, 2025.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
I am a recovering academic biologist, trying to find my way in this weird world like you are.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the back of my garage.
If you want to see the stain of my work as an academic and as an academagician, you can search my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, and my initials J-N-J.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll see you in a few minutes.
By about 1660, John Locke wrote that day laborers and tradesmen, spinsters and dairy maids must be told what to believe.
the greatest part cannot know and therefore they must believe.
Now, Dr. Gallo and Dr. Fauci talked a lot about isolation and purification.
Can you tell me what the difference is between the two?
Isolation, what was it?
Isolation and purification.
Of the virus?
Yes.
Well, you isolate a virus by
finding the virus which causes a disease.
You purify a virus by making a lot of, I mean, just by purifying it so you get a pure virus.
I don't understand what the issue is.
They interchanged the two and I wasn't sure if it was the same thing or if it was two totally different... No, it depends on how they used it.
Okay.
Can you explain the process of HIV isolation?
Well, didn't Dr. Gallo do that?
I mean, he actually isolated it, so... I mean, why should I do all of this?
This is all textbook stuff you're asking me.
Just, it's literally turning into worst-case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
It's literally turning into worst-case scenario.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's, like, really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
It's measles plus.
Okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and it's not, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
And this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another.
But I don't think it's obvious that what you're doing is wrong.
It's obvious that it's really complicated.
And so my response to this is to suspend judgment for six months from now, fearing as I do the loss of civil liberties and being wary as I am about what it means for how we're going to handle infectious disease in the future.
I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to.
So that's the best I can do with that.
I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic.
It affected me and my family in the same way it affects everyone else.
It throws us into psychological disarray in all the same ways and brings up all the same moral questions.
And I wish I had a better answer, but I don't.
I mean, I've got the vaccine.
So that's a partial answer on my part.
But I understand the position of those who don't want to take it.
And I would be unwilling to compel them by force, that's for sure, because that's not the right approach.
Although I would encourage people to get the damn vaccine and let's get the hell over this.
But I did that.
I put my body on the line to do it.
That's my decision.
I'm not saying it's right.
It's what I decided to do.
So give yourself a break.
Of course, you have moral qualms, and you should, and so should all of us.
You know, I guess I would close that by saying, but let's not forget we did a pretty damn good job of dealing with this so far.
I mean, it looks like a mess on the ground, but it could have been a hell of a lot worse.
And I'm really amazed that it wasn't.
I know the cards haven't all fallen into play yet.
And who knows, maybe one thing it could do is alert us to the presence of our real enemy.
You know, because we have lots of proximal enemies, and they tend to be other people, but we have a real enemy, and that tends to be infectious disease.
And AIDS didn't quite teach us that, and the pandemic probably wouldn't either, but it would be a good thing to learn.
You know, maybe we could aim our future selves at an increasingly disease-free society for everyone in the world.
And that's the other thing, it has to be for everyone, right?
Because we're all the same body, as it turns out.
getting a handle on infectious disease around the world, that's an unwarranted good, and it might have extremely beneficial effects politically too, especially if Randy Thornhill is right.
The worst of tyrannical authoritarianism is driven by concerns that arise as a consequence of infectious disease prevalence.
It's a radical hypothesis.
Maybe it's true.
And so if we got rid of infectious disease to the degree that we could, if we made that public enemy number one, we might simultaneously be doing the best possible thing to limit the attractiveness of totalitarian ideology.
I should also point out that our viewers will have noticed that we are sitting here unmasked.
And I should point out that actually we are, in an interesting sense, a model of something that I believe is not on the public radar.
So if I'm correct, you, Robert, have had COVID.
I've had COVID, and I've been fully vaccinated with Moderna.
All right.
Steve, you have been vaccinated.
Stop lying!
Fully vaccinated with Moderna.
All right.
Stop lying!
I am unvaccinated, but I am on prophylactic ivermectin.
And the data actually, shocking as this will be to some people, the data suggests that prophylactic ivermectin is something like 100% effective at preventing people from contracting COVID-19.
So aside from the risk that possibly the ivermectin I got wasn't real, and I have every reason to think it was, it certainly appears to be the genuine article,
I believe that what we have here is a demonstration of a kind of composite herd immunity, where through three different routes, COVID, vaccine, and ivermectin, we are protected, and you are doubly protected.
So I would just say that for anybody who's enthusiastic about the vaccines, if you're unconvinced by what we have to say about the hazard of them, one thing to consider is that the way to get society to herd immunity and therefore drive COVID-19 to extinction, which ought to be our goal,
The way to do it is to get people into this category one way or the other, whether that's through prophylaxis, whether it's through a vaccine, or whether it's because they've had COVID already.
One could argue that if everybody just took ivermectin for a month,
worldwide.
We need to end the pandemic.
Some will find the title that I have given this episode perplexing.
I would ask them to stick with the episode through the end and I will explain why I titled it as I did.
I really believe that actually we have the capacity at any moment we decide to utilize it to end the pandemic and that it is well within reach should we choose to see what is in front of us.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest kind of distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
And I also now know that our friend Jonathan Cooey, who some of you will know from his lab leak series early in the pandemic called JC on a Bike, Journal Club on a Bike, that he also has advanced a version of this hypothesis.
So I don't claim it to be unique.
I do think I arrived at it independently.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
vaccine, if you think about it.
You know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
yes you remember that correctly i did do a show with mackis mackis was on my show actually i interviewed him with a wall of skulls behind him ladies and gentlemen intramuscular injection is dumb transfection was always a crime and rna cannot pandemic
And basically that algebra adds up to the U.S.
vaccine schedule being a criminal enterprise.
Thank you very much for being here.
I really appreciate everybody having the patience.
This is GigaOM Biologically.
High resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
That biologist is Jonathan Cooey.
That's me.
Hello.
I hope I'm in focus here.
Let me push this button once.
It's great to see everybody.
It is the 11th of February.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Wow.
Gee whiz.
Time is flying.
Basketball season is over.
I wanted to share a very brief story just because it's kind of fun to start with a little story.
The basketball season that I envisioned that I would have as a 7b coach did not manifest.
We lost a lot of games, in fact all of our games.
We had a couple games that were close for a few quarters and then in the fourth quarter we kind of lost it.
It's a 7b team so technically everybody has to play at least six minutes a game and so
Because we have varied skill levels or had varied skill levels on our team, it was tough.
But the boys really started to come together at the end of the season, and it was really exciting.
One of the local rival schools here, we put up a really good game, our second to the last of the season.
We were ahead at halftime.
We were tied at the third quarter.
at the end of the third quarter, and then we just lost it.
And it's great.
It was a good game.
The kids were extremely disappointed, of course.
But the last week of the season, we were supposed to play the worst team in our league that we didn't play yet.
So we had been, you know, getting beat handily by everybody except for a couple teams.
And we didn't get a shot, two shots at a couple of those teams.
And one of them, the worst team in our division besides ourselves, who up until the eighth game had only, had not won any games and was putting up the same amount of points as us, giving up the same amount of points as us.
Their pattern kind of changed and they beat somebody that beat us pretty bad.
And we were like, well, what happened?
And so we got close to this past weekend and I got a phone call from their coach or a coach from that same township and Just an absolutely awful story The coach of that 7b team passed away died or killed in a car accident or I wasn't given very many details but I know that he was a three-sport coach and him dying was not in the plan and
And so probably what happened was they took some kids from the 7A and brought them down to 7B because some of the kids didn't play.
I don't know what happened, but anyway, they shuffled the teams around a little bit because the 7A team from that township was also O-ing something.
And so with 7A and 7B both 0 and something and then this tragedy happening, I think they shuffled some kids around and the B team started to win.
And he was the B team coach, as I understand it.
So we didn't really understand all of this had happened until after the game.
We went into this game thinking that it was going to be a game against the one team that we had a chance to beat.
We were pretty hopeful and we knew that they were going to do some kind of ceremony beforehand, you know, like a moment of silence or something.
Well, being the extremely naive coach that I am, we just kind of went and I told the kids, you know, there's gonna be a moment of silence.
Don't worry about it.
And then we'll just play.
And it was a gym full of people wearing matching t-shirts.
It was like a Hoosiers game.
You know, the movie Hoosiers, but we were the visiting team.
And so our seven or eight parents that made the drive there sat up in the corner, and the rest of the gym was full of people that were there.
Some of them were watching the game, some of them that weren't, which means that there was this general roar of talking.
Plus, on top of that, the people that were watching the game were all cheering against my boys, who, again, are the worst team by record, at least in the whole,
arrangement.
And so it was really hard for my boys.
I mean, at times when we would make turnovers, some of the crowd would laugh and it was very, well, it was just very hard for me to do as a coach.
I got in an argument with the ref, which I never do.
But I got in an argument with him because I was commenting about
about what was happening in the game and asking him to make calls and his response to me was something like, I'm not surprised you don't understand the rules.
Which anyway, it was just an awful experience and I understand what
happened there.
I understand that somebody died.
I'm not complaining or anything like that.
But my boys really walked into a woodchipper.
They had no idea that it was going to be this thing where, you know, every single point was going to be cheered like it was a championship point.
And then to top that all off, a couple, three of the boys that we were playing against were probably as good as anybody we had come against all season.
And so it really didn't make sense.
And so it was a tough way to end the season, I'll be really honest with you.
For me, because I had been keeping up hope that, you know, at the end of the season we were going to play this team that seemed to be the one team that kind of had our same problem, you know, lots of new kids or whatever.
So anyway, the season's over with and my first season as a basketball coach is 0-12.
So, you know,
For what it's worth.
I guess I'm probably a better biologist, but we'll see I'm working really hard to get myself into better shape for JC on the hardwood because I think that's a great way for me to move forward on YouTube And in the meantime, we're just gonna keep doing this because I still think this works needs to be done Anyway, so thanks for joining me.
Let me move myself down here in the corner and then
We can get started with this little lecture here.
So it is the 11th of February 2025.
Which one am I using here?
Am I using that one?
Is this one also on?
Just let me make sure that this is all set up correct.
I apologize for the technical aspects of the show.
That must be better.
I should have that one at A though.
There we go.
And then I'll put myself there.
Yeah, so welcome to the show, let's get going.
Biological high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
That's me, Jonathan Cooey.
We are here in what appears to be a continual sort of
slow roll to the truth.
That's the reason why you've never seen a chart like this for the American data with all the years and all of the deaths and so that you could put the pandemic into context.
No one's ever shown you this.
Jessica Rose doesn't show you this to try and explain to you what's going on.
Robert Malone or Brett Weinstein don't use graphs to teach you or show you what's going on to try and coach you into understanding a little bit more the nuance of this extraordinary myth that they've told us.
And of course, that's the reason, because when the data is displayed correctly, and I move my head out of the way, you can see, for example, in red, if you can see my mouse here, you can see that in red, we've had pneumonia under control for quite some time.
And then in 2020, we seem to have lost control of pneumonia for about two years.
And then we got it right back under control again.
Isn't that weird?
Isn't it weird that nobody's really shown you that?
Not one doctor has said it's really odd that we've had pneumonia in red under control for decades.
And then at the start of the pandemic, it seems like we pretty much lost control of pneumonia, which is traditionally attributed to bacterial causes.
And so these are the kinds of things that with
just the data and just the right time horizon, you can make quite a statement about what in the hell happened there.
What is that?
But of course, nobody that's doing this kind of stuff from the biology perspective is ever going to show you the graph as it stands with CDC's own numbers.
Why would they?
It's for all the marbles, ladies and gentlemen.
They would never show you everything.
The truth is not available on TV.
It hasn't been for decades.
Ladies and gentlemen, just a very quick, short through the corner explanation for what I think happened.
A very hot background of RNA and DNA from every source imaginable.
was misconstrued as evidence of spread using nonspecific PCR tests.
If they wanted to find the particular spike protein that this story is based upon, the easiest way to explain its finding would be to make a lot of it in the form of a DNA and then put that DNA somewhere and claim to have found it.
Now, that's the easiest way to do it, because remember, the spike protein cannot be found by PCR.
we are finding spike protein RNA or spike protein DNA.
And the only reason why you might think it's RNA is because they use a reverse transcriptase step before they start the PCR reaction, which can only work on DNA.
And so one of the huge assumptions that everybody makes is that that reverse transcriptase step is even needed.
There's no step where they do a DNA only and then a DNA plus the reverse transcriptase product.
And so you will never ever could have ever known if it's a DNA signal or an RNA signal when they use the proprietary tests that they used.
And more importantly, if they put the DNA signal there, wherever they wanted to find it, they would have found it, especially if their agent in Wuhan paid by USAID and Peter Daszak and NIAID was told to find it.
Very easy story that converts a infinite background into a specific signal with proprietary tests that none of us can investigate because anyone that's ever tried to take one of these testing firms to trial in any way is not able to get past the proprietary excuse.
That's the reason why you can't see their protocols, you can't find them, and why the stuff that they submitted to the FDA is so pathetic.
And that's why all the people that are saying that COVID shots are bad don't want to talk about 2020 and 2021.
Because if you go back to the picture, 2020, 2021 is where the murder happened.
The murder is basically over by the start of 2022.
And that is a key element to understand how this game is being played, why the clock needed to be run out, and why these people don't want to talk about 2020 and 2021, because that's where all the murder happened.
And so using their tests to find their ghost does not make their ghost real, nor does it make you a ghostbuster.
And the way they took this countermeasure thing under their control was to make sure they rolled out enough placebos so that they had plenty of doses.
and the safety signal would never be seen.
Now we've got to come to some realization here, ladies and gentlemen, in 2025, that the overclass places highly trained acolytes on social media to manipulate our habits and opinions.
They place them.
They place them as newscasters, as MSNBC nightly show havers, as late night talk show hosts, as podcasters, like Joe Rogan.
and the intellectual dark web that I illustrated in the introduction.
Those people were put in place to control our habits and opinions and to manipulate the questions that we were interested in and the answers that we considered in order to trick us into believing things.
Some of them are innocuous, like buying pasta from Italy or submitting your genetic material to 23andMe.
But others of them, like mythologies about how RNA can pandemic, are much more malevolent.
And so they've gotten us to believe in a novel virus by using PCR as a diagnostic tool, and that's a fraud.
They've gotten us to believe in a novel virus by two years of murder that included using pure oxygen in an irresponsible way to generate symptoms that were misconstrued as COVID, A-R-D-S.
And any emergency room and ICU physician worth their salt would know that already because there's a huge number of papers studying this since the late 90s.
Maybe that's one of the reasons why Paul Merrick and Pierre Cory were so important to get together and to get focused on ivermectin and vitamin C and stuff like that, because, oh my goodness, if these two outspoken ICU doctors were to tell you the truth about what oxygen did in 2020 and 2021 in hospitals where all the deaths occurred, according to Denny Rancourt and many others,
then not using antibiotics for pneumonia is a crime because if you give these people ARDS, if they develop pneumonia and then you call it a viral pneumonia and don't give them antibiotics, that's murder.
If they develop a urinary tract infection, if they starve, if they die of thirst, if they die of kidney failure from a combination of mishandling and also, you know, just neglect, it's all murder.
because it's done under the pretense of a novel virus panic that was created by coordinated liars, then it becomes murder.
And because the people behind this are competent physicians, irrespective of what they are told.
If the CDC gives them an inappropriate protocol for their patients,
I think it's safe to say that they should notice that it's not safe for their patients and not follow the protocol.
And if they don't, then it's on them.
And I don't care how young they are or how old they are or how inexperienced they are.
They had an obligation to know.
Stupid Nazi soldiers are still stupid.
And at some point in time, we're going to have to come around to the fact that so many of our doctors are complicit and therefore essentially guilty.
And they need to realize this so that they start to introspectively try to figure out how it is that they got there.
Who didn't point out to them?
Who else on their team?
Who else on their staff?
Who in their administration told them to use pure oxygen?
Who told them to use ventilators?
Who told them to isolate people?
Who told them to do these things that kill people?
If they realize that they should have known better, then they will start to think who else in their lives should have known better, in their professional lives should have known better, and the illusion will start to break.
Mary Talley Bowden, who was on my show in 2021, needs to realize this, that ARDS created in hospitals is not COVID, it's murder.
And she is a respiratory physiologist, should have figured this out by now.
Pierre Corey should have figured this out by now.
Robert Malone has never treated a patient in his life, so maybe he has an excuse for not figuring this out right now.
But every doctor that's involved in this should have figured it out by now because we've been saying it for more than a year.
Actually, thanks to Jessica Hockett who burnt the bridge between us because of it, I think.
And so this was all accomplished, this steady stream of PCR remnants, these PCR products that detect 17 viruses or 18 targets that's being deployed in all of our corporate hospitals to create a remnant stream that they can get genetic data from.
This remnant stream that pillaged our universities for two and a half years to the detriment of all of our young people's privacy and sovereignty,
This was all provided to you by Team Worst Case Scenario because none of these people, Malone, NAS, CHD, ICANN, have usefully questioned the foundation of the pandemic, which is the COVID, the strange thing, the new virus, the thing we're all vulnerable to.
That was my stomach.
That's really what we're dealing with here because that is also the false narrative of the no virus people.
It'll just be over if you realize that there's no virus.
No, that's not how this works.
This is a terrible trap, ladies and gentlemen, and Team Worst Case Scenario is the best way, in my humble opinion, to think about it because they're a coordinated chorus that harmonizes
Even the no virus people were very, very, very good at working with these people on team Robert Malone.
Otherwise, how is it possible that the videos I showed you in the introduction even exist?
The only time that those five people have gotten together to address the ideas of someone is for me, both times.
with CHD, with Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, and Tess Laurie, and Jessica Rose, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the soon-to-be Health and Human Services Secretary of the United States of America, got together on a Zoom meeting to discuss my ideas in 2022.
And in that same year, the five no-virus people, without me, got together to discuss my ideas, to dismiss them, to ridicule me,
It's not happened for Jessica Rose.
They haven't done a dedicated stream to Robert Malone, even though they have hundreds of thousands more followers than I do, hundreds of thousands more views.
They've done tens of hundreds of more podcasts than me and are really much more responsible for spreading the idea of a lab leak.
And yet the no virus people have never bothered to get together all five together and say, Robert Malone is definitely a bad guy.
In fact, neither have any of the anonymous people on Twitter.
And once you start to see it as the enchantment that it is, it almost seems too simple.
that Elon Musk and his buddy wanted to buy Twitter.
And so they paid a bunch of people to go on Twitter and do this act.
And then when they got censored, then they pretended like Elon Musk rescued them by buying the platform.
And all of these people at Team Worst Case Scenario agree that Elon Musk has saved free speech in America.
It's not even that complicated.
He bought the platform for billions of dollars, supposedly, and none of the people in Team Worst Case Scenario need more than a couple hundred thousand a year.
So it's chump change.
All to make a platform relevant to the populist right?
All to complement the work that Steve Bannon is doing?
But then specifically with one platform, or maybe a couple if you think of Locals being also part of this little network and Rumble being also part of this little network that Team Worst Case Scenario agrees is also a great platform.
Can't you see how easy it is?
It is the vying for the control of more cats.
because that's how we are governed.
We are governed by this kind of illusion.
And I'm absolutely willing to call this team worst case scenario.
I'm absolutely willing to put these names on the screen.
I am not afraid because I know I'm right.
I know that this is what I have to do for my children and for yours.
If you don't like what I'm doing, I would suggest just going to a different stream.
But this is the way out for everyone in America to understand what was done to us and who did it to us.
And I don't think it's very complicated.
You just have to figure out what weaponized piles of money have interest and what weaponized piles of money these people promote.
All of these people agree that Elon Musk saved Twitter.
All of these people agree that the DNA in the shot is unfortunate.
Otherwise it might've worked.
All of these people agree that the spike protein is toxic and we're very early on that.
And all of these people failed to do jack until in the earliest, the middle of 2021, when all the college kids were lost.
And I think you can see them because Team Worst Case Scenario, a few months earlier than that picture, were also on stage together in Romania, of all places.
Because, you know, it's a great place to save North America if you go to Romania.
You can save a lot of Europe, too.
You know, it's a great place to get seen in Europe.
I think it's probably a great place to interact with intelligence.
It's probably a great place to meet secretly.
It's probably, it's just ridiculous that Denny Rancourt went there of all places.
It's just ridiculous that Nick Hudson went there of all places.
And it's just ridiculous that Steven Hatfield is on stage with all these people and nobody seems to see that as the absolute base admission of guilt.
That guy, Stephen Hatfield, at the beginning of the pandemic was telling people that Barney should be wearing a mask so the kids start to understand how serious this is.
These people are criminals.
They are criminals because they are traitors to our grandkids.
They sold us out.
And so I'm not stopping.
I'm just gonna get it a little more professional.
Because I do really think, objectively speaking, these people are guilty.
And the ones that are not guilty need to be pushed and pressured to tell us exactly what happened.
Because exactly what happened is that they were recruited somehow, or they volunteered, or they knew this was coming much earlier than any of us want to know.
Because again, this is how it's done.
Edward Bernays told us how it was done when they only had newspapers and radio.
Noam Chomsky told us how it was done when they only had newspapers and TV and radio and magazines.
And now we have scrolling on social media.
And that's why none of these ideas will be discussed.
Make sure you don't fall victim to the argument that these are pretty bold statements.
Jonathan's gotta have a lot of evidence for this.
Otherwise, I don't even know where to start.
No, see, that's wrong.
Intramuscular injection being dumb is a challenge.
And the antithesis to that is that intramuscular injection is a great way to administer medicine.
That is the statement that needs a mountain of medicine and a mountain of evidence.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
This should be very easy to disprove with a long list, a short list, a complete list, or a partial list of examples where intramuscular injection isn't so dumb.
And you're going to find that that list is pretty short, especially with reference to augmenting the immune system.
So I don't need evidence.
The people who argue that it's very simple, intramuscular injection's a great way to modify the immune system, those people need a mountain of evidence that they do not have.
Transfection in healthy humans.
Was criminal?
Well, that's easy.
What is transfection?
The definition of transfection is easy to find.
You don't need me.
You need to do the exercises yourself.
Figure it out.
What were they calling transfection?
How many different things did they call transfection?
How big of an umbrella was it?
That's just the start of your biology exercises there.
And finally, RNA cannot pandemic.
It's not a bold statement.
The idea that a chemical
with the right combination of bases.
Can pandemic, now that one needs some evidence.
And so my argument is quite succinctly that there wouldn't be no reason for Kevin McKernan, the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project and acolyte apprentice of Mark Lander and Francis Collins, there would have been no need for him to be on podcast after podcast from the beginning of the pandemic talking about the
nuances of PCR as a diagnostic, there would have been no reason for him to be out there.
He would have been no reason to do podcasts with Naomi Wolf, no reason to be writing papers with Claire Craig.
None of those things would have happened spontaneously.
He is there for a reason, and that's why in 2024, at the end of the year, he went on Danny Jones' podcast, the one that has all these guys that whisper Satan into the mic, and smoke weed, and talk about the devil, and talk about the lies of the Bible.
The same podcast, a couple weeks earlier, has this guy on.
And he tells a whole series of incorrect statements, a whole series of incorrect statements about a book that I worked on.
And this is the brightest light in my mind in terms of their illusion and the level of malevolence that these people have come to.
where my interaction with this guy over the last five years reveals nothing but malevolence and likely a very, very crucial role that this guy plays in crafting this narrative and giving green lights to new things for people to say.
There's no other explanation.
He's going to be a main character in my book.
And so we move on now with the idea that social media, we just have to get off.
We have to start establishing our own soap boxes and link them together.
We have to have our own federalized, decentralized social media that we all hook up together.
You know, peer tubes need to be hooked up to other peer tubes, this kind of thing.
Because if you keep scrolling on their apps to try and figure out what's going on, you're either giving them all your thoughts or you're allowing them to give you your thoughts.
And either way you lose.
Nobody else is saying this.
CHD is not saying the U.S.
vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
The lawyers of ICANN are not saying that we need to hold the government to strict scrutiny when they suspend fundamental rights, even in an emergency, because if they did, this would start to break down.
And instead, they establish a big top tent of health freedom and they hide the murderer with lies.
These people are traitors.
And they are perpetuating a myth about virology that has been
you know, the source of fear, uncertainty, and doubt since AIDS and before.
And the way that social media works, if you saw that graphic change, is that it kind of distorts your time horizons.
And they really want you to forget 2020 and 2021, where all the murder happened.
They want that to kind of fade in.
I can't even remember 2020 anymore.
It's just all a big blur to me.
There's not going to be any blurs on GigaOM Biological about 2020 and 2021.
We're still trying to archive by the day what happened and what people said in those years because I believe that history will end up to be the most important part of American history that I've ever lived through.
And so let me remind you again that the main biological phenomenon that underlies this in Europe and in America, in any Western nation, any modern Western nation, is that for a brief period of time after World War II, the extreme prosperity led to very large families, large families in Germany, large families in Holland, large families in England, large families in America.
But that phenomenon did not last, partially because our rulers didn't really want it to last.
Mainly because our rulers didn't want it to last.
All governments around the world since World War II have been trying to take down the population growth rate.
If we just go back to this previous slide just one more time to make sure that I can play it for you, you can see this bump coming, right?
You can see that there was a known rise in the number of people that would be retiring here.
And this is females, this is males, and the ages go up.
And so anytime you pause this graph, if I can just do that for you, like in 2006, where we have
297.8 million people in America.
You can distribute the population along this graph and kind of get an understanding of what the population looks like and how many people are above 90 versus how many people are below age 4.
How many people are about to come into college?
How many people are about to retire?
And I would argue that people like Ted Turner and the Club of Rome and whoever else you want to say has been in charge definitely monitors this in every country because that's why they decide with regard to immigration and stuff like that.
They have to balance this out.
We can't have a bunch of old people and no tax base underneath them following them up.
And so the Netherlands encouraged immigration from Turkey and from Morocco several different times during their history to make sure that this population pyramid didn't get too top heavy.
And I would argue that a lot of the current thing with immigration is to do with this.
It is to do with this, to hide this extreme problem that might even not be adequately represented here because again, this is government data too.
If this problem is more severe, they would just hide it, right?
That's my default assumption.
And so if we let this thing continue, you can see, if you just watch the top of the graph here, we have a pretty consistent number of people that don't make it past, let's say 80.
But that's changing now, and very rapidly by the multiple millions, which means we need more beds, we need more nursing homes, we're going to need more social security money, we're going to need more Medicare money.
And so that needed to be managed.
And again, here you go to Fortune Magazine.
You can see that they already know this is population growth.
These are tiny numbers.
And they think that population is gonna become negative.
It's probably already negative.
Look, the only reason why it's not is because of immigration.
And so there are big truths out there about the biology of our population that are just being wholly dismissed, not talked about and obfuscated so that you don't understand that the biggest sources of these signals is not a novel virus, is not, you know, transfection.
The biggest source of these numbers is just the natural biology of our population.
And the worse the lie is,
about this, the worse our problem is.
If they're not telling us the truth about the population pyramid and the base of our population pyramid is even narrower than they say,
then they have an even bigger problem to manage.
And if you look at some of the population pyramids in Europe, I think you might be surprised to see that their population pyramids look a little more unstable than the one that we're shown about ours.
Could it be that immigration has fixed this problem?
It's possible.
That's what this graph seems to indicate, but I'm doubtful.
And I tend to err on the side of, you know, they're probably not telling us the extent of the problem.
They're probably not giving us the right numbers or they're rounding them off in a very clever way.
And it's all just one gigantic show.
There is a show on TV.
There's a show on social media, but that show has different layers and it's all one cake.
And so I've started to kind of think about this as a group of people that some of the people might not know as much as other people do.
Some of the people sit up here at the top of the diagram more in need of control or shepherding in order to make sure they don't say anything too dangerous.
I am now suggesting on this show that some of these people are likely the ones that are shepherding the others.
I don't think that everybody on this level is sophisticated enough to know how badly they've been used, but all of them are aware they are part of it.
All of them are aware that they are telling a lie or agreeing not to say something or agreeing to emphasize something that doesn't need emphasis and have agreed to it.
The question is, how many of these people still really enjoy what they're doing?
How many of these people still really enjoy being on this team?
because I don't think all of them enjoy it anymore.
For example, Jessica Hockett has gone off of X completely.
She used to have two or three accounts on X. Now she's not on X at all.
And given that she had many more followers than me, it's curious that she's gone.
And that's just one observation, but I assure you this graph isn't very off.
This isn't very far away from where we need to be.
I think most of these organizations are either from the very beginning the idea of being saboteurs and cat wranglers or
Very soon after their establishment, they were sabotaged by the people that gained control of them.
So Children's Health Defense was most likely sabotaged by Mary Holland.
But it's hard for me to say that it could be just her.
I think there are several other people that are also actively sabotaging that organization.
And that's the reason why the founder retired and nobody said anything.
When Laura Bono
Retired nobody at CHD dedicated anything or said thank you or did anything because Mary Holland wants to be and her job is to be The the face of CHD and Polly's job is to do that.
They're supposed to forget that Laura Bono did anything And and and it's I think all of these organizations to some extent represent Conflicts of interest they represent
sort of fake resistance.
They're not really accomplishing anything.
That's why Brett Weinstein is responsible for the Hope Accord, and also writes for Brownstone, and also organized the Rescue of the Republic, and also promotes the World Council for Health, and also, it's just all very obnoxious and gross.
But you even have things like the International COVID Summit, you know, and the FLCCC changed their name to the Independent Medical Alliance.
It doesn't change anything.
It's still the same, it's still the same limited spectrum of debate.
where they don't discuss the total number of deaths per week compared to the COVID deaths, compared to the pneumonia deaths, because if they did, they would have to admit that we've had pneumonia under control.
We've had pneumonia under control for decades and then lost control of it just for about two years and then we got control of it again.
And that doesn't really make any sense.
It doesn't really make any sense unless there was a coordinated effort to have that happen.
That's why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
I apologize for the heater in the background.
I hope it's not too loud.
And so the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, the anticipated rise in expected deaths can be seen in this graph.
Here you can see the line.
of 50,000 just kind of disappears.
And instead of the dip being at 50,000, the dip is at 60,000 over here in our last five years.
You see, these are the summer dips here in all cause mortality in America.
And those dips are now below 60,000 instead of dipping below 50,000 where they did a decade ago.
Hmm.
So you can actually see the slope right here in this graph.
And all they had to do then was kind of sculpt them together using murder so that they get those sharp peaks and they could go on the news and say, look, everybody's dying.
And of course, this creates a multi-generational myth.
This could enslave our grandkids if we willingly go along with teaching them this.
Just the same as if we teach our grandchildren to believe in Santa Claus, they will.
But this is much worse because this is on TV and on the news and in the military and in the bureaucracy and in the elites.
They all believe in it.
So this is a very, very malevolent place.
And it is a real worry to me that they have eliminated the control group.
Effectively, in the older adults, effectively in the younger adults, even if there's people in the middle ground that haven't taken it,
I don't know if there's a useful control group anymore.
I don't know if there's a useful number of people that won't inevitably have bad side effects from their continuing to transfect themselves.
And that's why this is about the children of Earth.
We have to stop the vaccination and transfection of all the children of Earth.
And so don't forget how they did this.
They did this by tricking us into solving a mystery.
And I do really think it's worthwhile to keep reminding you of that, that it's comical, that we are teenagers in a play where we think we have solved the mystery that Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci were covering up.
And it is that part of this that makes us so certain.
It is that part of this that makes us so certain.
That's what made me so certain about a lab leak that I threw away a 20-year career in academia.
because I was so sure that I had figured it out.
And that is a wonderfully powerful way to learn.
If a kid figures out a story problem in math, they really do learn the math a little better than if they just do the equation.
Because again, they are solving a puzzle, and it makes more of an impression on their brain, if you will.
It is a much more effective way to learn.
And I don't know why that was edited so funny.
And so it is really now.
It is really now.
The population of Earth, if we had the real population data, I am sure the population of Earth is about to collapse.
That's the reason why they keep telling us it is.
It's just that they can't tell you how badly it's gonna collapse, because if they knew, for example, that in 20 years, half the houses in America were gonna be empty, well, that would be a pretty big problem now, wouldn't it?
Housing might go, the market might crash, you know?
If they've suddenly found out that nobody was gonna be buying diamonds anymore because nobody's getting married anymore, then, you know, yeah.
And so we have a problem because they have a problem.
They've set themselves up for this.
They already know.
They've already had the meetings.
Part of the mythology that they've told each other in these meetings over the last 20 and 30 years is that world population is pretty much under control.
We're going to have this peak and that's going to go away.
And so we've got to take advantage of this peak and collect all of this data because we're never going to have this many experimental animals again.
And if anything was learned through the Human Genome Project, it's that they need every genome they can get their hands on.
And they need to be able to store that data in a way that they can eventually dump it through a heretofore non-existent AI that will solve the pattern.
Because otherwise, it's not gonna work.
That's really the only hope they have.
And they are Ray Kurzweilers about it.
They're telling us that in 20 years, it's gonna be there.
Again, without talking honestly about the biology of what occurred, without talking honestly about an anticipated rise in expected deaths that could have easily been used to create this illusion.
because they're all in on it.
In one way or another, they are all in on it, even if they are only fooled by the people who are in the middle of my diagram, even if they're only just going along with the flattery and the continued rise of their prominence on Rumble.
They are ignoring this, that Mark Kulak and myself and just a few other people, if there are any, I don't know,
who have been saying that supplementary oxygen ventilators, a lack of antibiotic use and opioid deaths in America would be enough to create this phenomenon.
Nevermind all these other things that are definitely in play.
It is murder and lies, ladies and gentlemen.
And you have to see the time horizon as it is.
You have to look at all these years and you have to put them all into perspective to see that we had pneumonia under control for years.
And I'm going to point it out one more time.
And then we lost control just for two years, just for two years, just long enough for us to probably manage that problem.
So you can see that rise, it's just predicted, and all they had to do was take that and tell us a story about a novel virus that changed colors for five years, circulated among the white-tailed deer, and here we are.
Look at it very carefully, ladies and gentlemen, the murder ends.
and it's before anybody usefully speaks out.
It's a whole year before Robert Malone, Meryl Ness, Sasha Latupova, Malhotra and Palmer are on stage in Sweden, a whole year.
After the murder stopped in America, they were still just getting started with their COVID summits.
Look at it, ladies and gentlemen.
Look at it very, very carefully because this is really crucial to see.
We had pneumonia under control and then we got control of it again over there.
Something happened and it was just murder and lies.
I'm sorry, but it's an anticipated rise and expected death sculpted using murder.
And they created that illusion.
That's what, this is it.
And it's their fault.
you.
And so just a reminder, if you really like what's happening here, you think that you need more of this or you want to support this work as I transition into JC on the hardwood and teaching biology 101, go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support the work.
Thanks.
So again, here we are, all the marbles.
I just want to do a couple points on this timeline.
First of all, remember... If you want to move from...
Yesterday, or like last week, we were discussing how Mary Holland, right after Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's hearings, was on the war room with Steve Bannon, and that was pretty crazy because Mark Kulak, a friend of mine, has been working on really putting into context what Steve Bannon was doing and saying before the pandemic and during the pandemic, and it hits remarkable.
And the most remarkable thing is that it feels very much like he and Elon Musk and Peter Thiel could all be in on the creation of this, you know, new populist right movement, which ultimately kind of helped Trump get into the White House and may now be essentially hijacking the
the Trump administration somehow.
I mean, I don't purport to know what's going on.
I just know that these people are all performing together.
And the reason why I can say that with confidence is because they've all talked to me except for him.
I mean, I've been in a Zoom meeting with him, but I never talked to him.
But Mary Holland's been in countless Zoom meetings with me and countless in-person meetings with me.
and she knows exactly how I feel and exactly what I think of her.
So the point being here again that I think this is one of the primary saboteurs in CHD and my best evidence is that in 2015 she was actually on a
She was on Democracy Now, arguing with Paul Offit and kind of being supported by Rand Paul.
And so actually 10 years ago, this performance started with the same characters now opposing each other 10 years later.
And so there is no other way to see it.
That's why I think Steve Bannon is probably a lot more important than Ralph Baric up there in the corner.
And I think we have people like Mark Kulak to thank for that, that you can really see, maybe even Steve Bannon is the guy who was paying George Webb and these people before the pandemic.
Maybe Steve Bannon is the guy who finds the money on the stock exchange that pays for the stuff that these people are doing.
I don't know.
I really don't.
Let's just listen.
And as far as news goes, well, everyone knows there's a lot of news swirling around these days.
We have two articles about the freeze, the Trump freeze on meetings, science meetings, travel, communications, hiring.
This is all having to do with HHS.
See, the problem with that link that you just dropped into the chat is this.
I'm gonna escape out of here for a second.
I appreciate the link.
Look, here's the problem with that link.
And I don't know how to say it any other way than just straight up, right in your face, I'm just gonna say it.
Where the hell are my pictures here?
I had pictures of them.
Where did they go?
That's weird.
Oh yeah, right here.
So I think I already showed it to you, but I'm sure I did.
But look, Kristoff is this guy right here.
And unfortunately, Kristoff was also in Romania.
Right here in the middle.
Kristoff also went to Japan.
And Kristoff also, let's see, here we go.
I got some more stuff for you.
La da da da.
Da da da da da.
Hold on one second, I'll find it.
This is the APS stuff here.
Shit.
I got to get on the floor for a second.
Because I moved a new, where did it go?
I moved a new table in here.
So here's for example, you can also see this if we if we look at Jason Kristoff's Jason Kristoff's mail from January 27.
He's just sending stuff out here and he's promoting David Ike and
He's promoting Brett Weinstein on on on Tucker Is that I thought I had one also with oh, yeah here Here's Jason Kristoff also sending a mail about Meryl Nass describes our biggest threat and
And so what I find a problem with Jason Kristof, of course, is that he really appears to be playing the exact game that I'm accusing these people of playing, which is that they only promote each other and they only promote a very limited spectrum of debate.
And so you can, these are just emails right here where he's promoting Meryl Nass.
Here's an email where he's promoting David Icke and Brett Weinstein.
I mean, this is not a real person.
Even if he's saying some things that are very smart, he is promoting the people that promote the novel virus, the lab leak, the RNA transfection being a vaccine that didn't work quite right, that the contamination is a significant thing.
And like I said, him being in front of my Senate doesn't make me happy.
He's not even an American.
So that's a problem.
That's very much a problem for me.
I'm sorry, but I don't see Christoph as being possible.
He's been on too many trips with them.
They've spent thousands of dollars flying that guy around the world.
There's probably no way that he's a good guy.
So let's listen to Twib for a second.
And as far as news goes, well, everyone knows there's a lot of news swirling around these days.
We have two articles about the freeze, the Trump freeze on meetings, science meetings, travel, communications, hiring.
This is all having to do with HHS.
So it includes NIH, CDC, FDA.
It's almost like he's getting really slow.
It's nuts.
It's become slower and slower.
And so the excuse is so that they can determine what it is you're going to hear.
Sounds ominous, doesn't it?
Yes.
and want to censor it and say, no, you're not gonna hear this.
You're not gonna hear about the goodness of HPV vaccine.
You're gonna, no, you're not gonna hear.
That's what I'm afraid of, frankly.
I mean, but that's, so we have a science article called, the Trump hit NIH with devastating freezes on meetings, travel, communications, and hiring.
So everybody's freaking out.
This is by Jocelyn.
So, of course, they're talking about the fact that Trump has suspended some things in NIH, and all this stuff is just theater.
It's all theater.
The scary part is that we have people who believe that USAID only gives out food, and then we have other people who believe that USAID only pays for propaganda.
And so we have a very big chasm between the different camps in America.
It's a dangerous situation that was created on purpose.
And these guys are terrifying if you see them as a window into the most
you know, disturbed portion of that site.
Host conferences, basically the whole operation of HHS is jammed right now.
And when Vincent said impacted, I'm not sure whether you meant impact as in effect or impacted like a colon, but I was thinking like a colon.
I was thinking like a colon, yeah.
Yeah, so the whole system is just jammed.
And this is government dysfunction, this is chaos, this is what people voted for, so here you all go.
Yeah, I don't know that people, most people have any idea what's going on because most people don't pay attention to the news, right?
I think it's pretty hard to avoid, but people will notice when it starts having an impact on their day-to-day lives.
We have another science article entitled, Is Your Research on Trump's Spending Hit List?
How the White House's pause in federal spending could affect academic science.
I don't know who this is by.
Jeffrey Mervis.
Just a couple minutes here.
It's also about the spending freeze and the idea being that
when it starts up again, it may not be everything.
There may be some cuts to things that they don't like.
Whoops.
I'm going to let it keep going because there's an interesting little part here.
So this is bad.
You know, for a computer analogy, I know we have a lot of of IT folks in the audience.
It's like if a new user on a Linux system found a list of running processes and just went through killing any that they didn't recognize.
Yeah.
Imagine what impact that would have.
Just.
Yeah, that's good.
I like that.
So if I were still in the NIH game, boy, I'd be freaking out.
Oh, yeah.
So I have sympathy for our colleagues who are stuck in this.
In fact, we have a pic that relates to it, a way that you can contact your congressperson about this coming up, because you should write and complain, even though
Everything's on a partisan line now.
Anything happened with RFK Jr.?
Did they vote?
They were... I am not really... If the news has like a Trump headline in it, I don't... because I'm not going to visit that.
But last headlines I saw, they were still grilling him, so I don't know.
Let's see.
I mean, if he doesn't make it, then some other idiot who's who's probably just as bad is going to get put up in his place, because that's the whole point is to wreck the system.
Yeah, he's they haven't voted yet.
Yeah.
The controlled demolition of America is still on the books.
His nomination is in trouble.
I hope so.
The thing is that the numbers go like this.
Party line vote.
And then.
There are like three people who might.
Murkowski.
Yeah.
Who's the other?
Collins.
Right.
And in this case, McConnell doesn't want to vote for him.
That makes it 50-50.
And then... Either he's exhausted from some kind of all-nighter like he flew from New Zealand last night, or this guy is rapidly deteriorating.
Muck cast the deciding vote.
Yeah.
And I mean schmuck.
I've just never seen such a schmuck in my life.
There's one some pull off is that there's one doc in Congress who might vote against RFK.
I have not been watching the hearings, but people have been telling me, and he's just totally out of his league, and the Democrats are ripping it.
Of course, he's completely unqualified for any government post, let alone this one.
Bernie Sanders brought out this onesie.
It's just some kind of a thing that you wear, like a baby would wear.
Some kind of thing that you wear that a baby would wear?
Did he not have kids?
Wouldn't that be weird?
I think he probably what?
Basically, don't vaccinate me.
Sold by his company.
His company?
It's almost like they have a bad script on purpose, right?
So that people like you and me who want to believe in Robert F. Kennedy Jr., it's not a company.
He didn't work for that.
They got out of, oh, hey, hey.
And Saunders said, do you endorse this?
And he said, I don't have anything to do with that company anymore.
And just lie.
Yeah.
He also would not agree not to take litigation money
Like his company is suing Merck over the HPV vaccine.
He'll still take it.
He says, no, I'm not going to agree not to take it.
I mean, in the old days, that was a killer.
Yep.
But no more.
So by the next time we record, I'm sure this will be resolved and hopefully get your kids.
Probably in some horrible way.
Get your kids vaccinated.
Yes.
Do it as soon as you can, because who knows?
What's going to happen to vaccine access?
Oh my gosh.
We're going to get all your vaccines quick.
Very sad situation.
Um,
And you have to say, OK, well, we will have H1N1 deaths.
Of course, that would be unavoidable.
I used there Sir Donaldson's quote, where he said that in the UK, by the peak of the epidemic, 40 people would die per day at the end of the summer.
So 62 at that time, million people in UK, 40 deaths a day.
I worked it out for Belgium.
That would be seven deaths a day at the peak of the epidemic.
I used that in the media.
Seven Belgian flu deaths per day at the peak of the epidemic would be realistic.
That is true in every year, even inter-pandemically.
That is very, very conservative.
However, talking about fatalities is important, because when you say that, people say, wow, what do you mean?
People die because of influenza?
And that was a necessary step to take.
And then, of course, a couple of days later, you had the first H1N1 death in the country.
And the scene was set, and it was already talked about.
And then you had to pick who is going to be vaccinated first.
And then, well, women and children first, whatever.
I mean, risk groups, they were important.
And then I misused the fact that the top football soccer clubs in Belgium, he actually used the word I misused.
He is now admitting that he misconstrued the vaccination of pro
football teams as being unfair or selfish.
The debate about who should get the vaccine first.
All of these things have been tried out and rehearsed and all of the people in this room are laughing because they participate in these theaters.
Because these theaters sell millions of doses of their products.
Millions of instances of their patented therapeutics, diagnostics,
which is the circle of people that Robert Malone was running around in for 20 years before the pandemic and claims to have found himself semi-retired from, I guess, or no, really, because he was working for DITRA at the start.
These people are willing to lie about the causes of death.
They are willing to lie about how many people die every week.
He just told you that too.
That's a conservative number.
That's not any different.
That would be true any year.
Just like I'm trying to tell you, any year they've had the deaths by pneumonia under control, and then they lost control, and they are telling you a story about what happened to make them lose control.
They didn't lose control.
They murdered people.
inappropriately and against all agreements, vaccinated their, they made their soccer players priority people.
So I said, I can use that.
Because if the population really believes that this vaccine is so desirable that even the soccer players would be dishonest to get their vaccine, I said, okay, I can play with that.
So I made a big fuss about this.
This is Van Ranst, he's raving mad.
But of course you can remember that Tom Cruise was publicly lauded for insisting that everybody get vaccinated to be on set.
That's how they made Top Gun.
Maverick.
You can remember that they vaccinated all the pro teams, and there was a big to-do about whether or not Brett Favre was vaccinated, whether or not Kyrie Irving could play in the Madison Square Garden or not.
It's the same thing, but on a much larger scale, with the benefit of social media, that in this same talk in 2019, Marc Van Raan says, yeah, in 2009, we didn't have no social media like you do now.
Boy, I wish we did.
But it worked.
The Chatham House organization is also funded by all major corporations of the elite, the Gates Foundation and the Open Society Foundations.
So you can find out all about that.
So Mark Van Ronst gave his talk in October 2019.
In 2015, Mary Holland was on Democracy Now!
arguing with
Paul Offit and on the same team as Rand Paul.
So that's in 2015.
In 2016 there is the movie Vaxxed.
And in 2016 there's also Brandy Vaughn.
Sorry about the late start, everybody.
I think probably everybody in here faced the same traffic and parking issues that I did.
It's been a while since I've lived in San Francisco, and I must have forgot how close this zoo was to this area.
If we could have the microphone turned up a little bit louder, who's that?
I have no idea who I'm speaking to, sorry.
And I don't know if anyone's even listening about that.
I guess I'll just try to hold it as close as possible to my face.
So first I want to thank everybody for coming out on such an amazing day and I hope that you find it helpful.
I think you will.
I know that everybody comes from a different background in terms of like what they consider health and what they consider health care in the U.S.
and I'm pretty sure that
There are people in here who probably know almost everything in all my slides, and I guarantee I'll blow your socks off with at least one of them.
And there are probably people in here who think I'm crazy, but they had nothing else to do, and it was too hot outside to do anything else.
And I get called crazy a lot, and I'm going to tell you, in some ways I am.
because I'm actually crazy enough to think that I can change the world.
And I'm actually crazy enough to speak out against an industry that's larger than most small countries.
And sometimes I go to sleep at night and I cry myself to sleep and I say, Jesus, what the heck am I doing?
They don't make it easy.
But I keep doing it.
So I am clearly crazy enough to think that I can make some kind of difference in this world and that each one of us in here can make some kind of difference in this world.
because we are not healthy as a society.
I've been told for five years that thinking that you can change the world is a pretty dumb idea.
I've been told that by a lot of people.
I like her.
I like the cut of her jib, so to speak, here, where she thinks that she can change the world.
I like that.
Because I do think it is true that people who stand up and dance when it's appropriate, even when no one else will, will eventually, can eventually get the whole crowd dancing.
And I think that the truth, if presented at the right time, in the right circumstances, can run free in a way that none of these people could have ever known.
And the memory of this now dead woman might end up being, you know, something worthwhile.
Because remember, Mary Holland and Brandy Vaughn never became allies.
CHD didn't have Brandy Vaughn in their vaxxed movie.
I hate to tell you that, but we are not.
And a lot of other countries are far healthier.
So we're not doing things entirely right here.
And we need to examine that, because our health is at stake.
And if we don't have our health, what do we have, really?
We have nothing.
So I'm crazy to think I could change the world in some way, some small way.
And I'm crazy for this one.
And this is why I am here today.
Because this is my five-year-old son.
And he is surrounded by sick children.
And not only sick children, but I'm surrounded by my friends that are getting sicker by the day.
Autoimmune issues, neurological issues.
I came back from Europe where things are done very differently, and I said, there's something wrong here.
I want a better world for him.
I want a healthier world.
Not just for him, for all of us.
For humanity, right?
Because ultimately, on a bigger scale, we're talking about some big things in here.
I'm gonna get into details, but this is a broader scale fight for humanity, for our rights in humanity, for our world, for the environment.
All of it is connected.
So I am, I'm crazy for this one too.
So it's okay if you call me crazy.
Just don't throw tomatoes at me because we're recording this.
So if you could wait until after the Q&A session, that'd be awesome.
So, how did I get here?
Well, as you can imagine, not many people work in pharma and think, oh my gosh, I'm gonna spend the rest of my life speaking out against them.
Yeah, it's not that fun.
But I had a wake-up call.
I sold Vioxx.
Does anyone remember Vioxx?
Yeah, well, a lot of people do because it became the largest drug recall in the U.S.
I sold Vioxx for Merck.
It was a pain reliever in arthritis medicine.
It was a blockbuster.
It was very, very powerful.
So powerful that it killed people.
And what came out was that Mark knew about that.
My awakening came when we had materials on a study that was being conducted, and we were in doctor's offices, and we were talking about this study, and all of a sudden, we no longer talked about that study.
All of a sudden, it was hush-hush.
and our materials were confiscated, we had emergency trainings, and we were told not to ask questions, but if people asked us questions, this is what you say.
Oh, no, that study was stopped because it was getting really expensive and all of these other things.
No, the New York Times article that said it was killing people.
No, no, no, that Pfizer rep is just blowing smoke in your face, right?
I didn't fall for that, though, because I asked questions.
And I said, wait a minute, this, you know, this seems a little shady.
And at that time, I wasn't even selling drugs anymore.
I was launching a stat for Merck.
But I heard what was going on, and I saw it, and I heard it in the doctor's offices, and it scared me.
Because I was brainwashed, just like most people in the US, just like most doctors, just like most people who are working in the pharmaceutical industry, to think that we're actually doing something good.
When things like Vioxx happen, you realize that pharmaceutical companies, it's a business.
In fact, well now it's a sell business, but it used to be a buy business for investors because it made money all the time.
It was a consistently good investment because they profit off keeping us sick.
So, Vioxx, three to four times increase in heart attack and stroke risk and death
seen in the trials before it was even on the market.
So during the discovery process of the lawsuits against Merck, it showed that Merck knew what was going on.
They saw that, they filtered the data, you know, and they put it to the FDA and said, oh no, this, you know, it's great, it's powerful, and it decreases stomach ulcers.
We're just not gonna mention all of this other stuff, right?
It was on the market for five years.
Hundreds of thousands of people died because of this drug.
Now, interestingly, that would solve the population pyramid problem a little bit, right?
You see where I'm going with this?
You see where people like Mark Hulak are going with this?
That population pyramid problem is a problem that can be solved over many years with many different convenient myths, with many different convenient profit sources.
I suspect that there's a lot of this going on.
I suspect that that's the whole reason why the opioid crisis ever happened in the first place, and it's still happening now.
And Merck paid out $6 billion in fines.
They still made tens of billions off the drug.
It was still a good investment.
Nobody went to jail.
500,000 dead, some say, if you look at the census records.
It was clear to me that they were putting profit over people.
And I thought, wow, everything I've been told, everything I've been taught to believe since I was little, to trust everybody in a white coat, right?
Don't question them.
They're far smarter than you.
They know far more than you.
Everything crashed because I finally realized that's not true.
It's just not true.
And we are not being told everything.
We're not being told most of the stories.
So, biggest thing I learned was that pharma makes money to bring us sick and not making us healthy.
We don't have a health care system in this country.
We have a sick care system, which is focused on treating symptoms with drugs.
And drugs are chemicals, toxic chemicals.
So when we look at the health in the United States,
We are seeing epidemic rates, skyrocketing rates of autoimmune issues.
We're seeing skyrocketing rates of chronic illness.
We're seeing skyrocketing rates of things that are degenerative.
Now make sure that you hear what I hear is that she's not going to be the one who would argue for repurposed drugs for a novel virus.
She's not the one that would argue for a combination of silicoxib and ivermectin for a novel virus because those are also chemicals.
chemicals that for sure in combination we can't know what they do, yet all these doctors that are pushing all these repurposed drugs now from 2021 on or whenever it really started in earnest, are always pushing combinations.
As if they understand what these combinations do or whether any of the components are responsible for any of the outcomes.
Certainly they've never offered any mechanistic explanations for why these combinations are so interesting So she's already saying things that are completely antithetical to the standard approach that Brett Weinstein and Meryl Nass and and Pierre Cory and and Steve Kirsch and and Robert Malone have all been
pushing from the beginning, which is that there's this whole catalog of stuff on our, on our shelves.
And we should start trying stuff for this novel thing.
Diseases like rheumatoid arthritis, lupus.
Now we're seeing them in children.
This is not okay.
Clearly we're doing something wrong.
And I know it's a harder pill to swallow,
But Pharma makes money keeping us sick.
And the doctors are part of that system, most of the time unknowingly.
But if they question, their entire life crashes down on them.
So, don't believe me.
Actually, hear it from the horse's mouth, right?
So, Pharma CEO, Valiant Pharmaceuticals, J. Michael Pearson says,
He's caught speaking the truth.
We're in the business of shareholder profit, not helping the sick.
Guess where he is now?
He's no longer heading that company, I'll tell you that.
Probably retired in Mexico.
So how are they doing on their quest to keep us sick?
Pretty scary.
We are one of the sickest developed countries in the world, and this is not healthcare, or lack of access to medical care, oh no.
That's not what's happening.
Cancer, one in every three men will die of cancer, one in every four women.
One in 12 women now have an autoimmune issue.
Lupus, chronic fatigue, arthritis, fibromyalgia, gut issues, asthma, food allergies, all of these things are autoimmune issues.
Leukemia, type 1 diabetes, 60 million have allergies.
30 million have asthma.
Do you know that in Europe, they think it's kind of crazy that we're allergic to the food we eat?
They think it's a little bit crazy that we're allergic to the air we breathe.
You know, hay fever, seasonal allergies.
These things didn't used to happen 30, 40 years ago, not like it is now.
This is a new normal in the US, and it's not normal, and it should never be considered normal, because it's a sign of immune damage, immune system damage.
Dementia, Alzheimer's, MS, diabetes, lupus, ALS, all skyrocketing.
And cancer is now the leading cause of death in children.
Okay, cancer used to be one of those diseases which, you know, older people get, right?
As things, you know, we've been under a huge exposure of toxins throughout our lifetime, things would just start slowing down.
No, not anymore.
Not in our country.
And this has to change.
And the system's not gonna change it.
It's up to us.
The U.S.
has some of the highest rates of chronic illness and disorders in the developed world.
One in three people now have a chronic issue.
A chronic issue.
We are sick.
We are really sick.
And it's not just the food we eat.
It's not just the air we breathe.
It's everything that we are exposed to.
Now make sure that you understand that at this time, when Vaxxed comes out, that's not the message of Vaxxed.
The message of Vaxxed is specifically that a component of the MMR vaccine might be responsible for some of the autism that's shown in the movie.
The message is the HPV vaccine really hurts teenagers in the second movie, but we're not addressing the gigantic, you know, the totality of it all.
The poisoning of society,
the corruption of our healthcare.
It's a very, actually quite tight focus, despite the name Children's Health Defense, despite the name, the Informed Consent Action Network.
She's telling you that it's all broken.
She's telling you that these are all poisons.
She's telling you that everything is wrong.
And they got around to saying it 10 years later, kind of, sorta, with Cali means and with some other newly inserted performers.
This lady's dead.
She was probably murdered.
Everything we put into our body, everything we put on our body as well, body care products, all of that, the chemicals that we use to clean our pans in our house,
The new car smell, you know, the leather seats, you know, those smells, perfume, it's all chemicals.
And we are under too much toxic chemical exposure.
And a lot of it is the meds as well.
So, we're far sicker than most developed countries, yet we spend more per capita on healthcare than any other country in the world.
Washington Post article, once again, the US has the most expensive healthcare system, but least effective.
We are dead last in the developed world, despite spending more.
Something's wrong here.
We're not being told everything.
So, what we need to understand is that the system is focused on treating symptoms with drugs and medical interventions.
Don't even get me started on unnecessary surgeries.
We ignore the cause of the problem.
We ignore the cause and the root of the issue.
So how are we ever gonna become healthy or healthier if all we're doing is touching the tip of the iceberg?
And then a lot of times when we're treating the symptoms with certain drugs, there's side effects to those drugs.
So they just write you another pill, right?
And then we end up, as we are now, the most drugged up country in the world.
So if we continue to ignore the root of the problem, we're never going to be healthy.
Now, if you take one thing away from this talk, it's this.
The pharmaceutical industry does not create cures.
They create customers.
So when you're doing your annual donations at the end of the year, understand that we need to be funding prevention services and groups that are not
funneling all that money into a laboratory.
Because the pharmaceutical industry is never going to allow cures for these diseases.
They would go out of business.
It's a business.
They create customers.
This was my favorite Huffington Post article from last year.
Drugs you don't need for disorders you don't have, right?
We're trained, when there's one small thing wrong in our body, we're trained to go to the doctor.
And the doctor doesn't wanna just sit there and be like, mm, I don't know what's going on, and I can't help you, you're here, you're paying him money, right?
He wants to tell you something.
So he thinks, okay, let's see, maybe you have this.
So let's just, we'll write you a prescription.
Oh, your heart was beating a little fast.
Oh, you have anxiety.
Here's two different medications you can try.
They are trained.
to give the patient something that they think might help.
Well, what does the pharmaceutical company tell the doctors is gonna help?
It's these drugs, right?
America on drugs.
This is what happens when the pharmaceutical industries are so infiltrated into what we consider healthcare when it's really sick care.
60% of Americans are on prescription drugs.
15% are on five or more.
The average American fills 12 prescription meds per year, per year, 12.
That's one a month.
So what happens?
Well, prescription drugs legally written correctly taken are now the fourth leading cause of death in the U S fourth leading cause of death in the U S prescription drugs, not heroin, not Coke prescription drugs correctly taken.
That's pretty remarkable.
I mean, do you know what the third cause of death is in the U S anyone medical malpractice, medical errors, medical errors.
We have a healthcare system that's literally killing us, literally killing us.
And they're laughing all the way to the bank.
You can see why she needed to be offed.
She couldn't be around for this.
She couldn't be part of the dissidents for the pandemic.
Otherwise, she would be a leader.
She has the track record to be a leader.
So she could not be allowed to be a leader at the start of the pandemic.
Of course not.
Mary Holland is the leader.
RFK is the leader.
Meryl Nass is the leader.
Kevin McKernan is the leader.
And a year and a half later, Robert Malone would be the leader.
She could have been the leader.
That's why they had to get rid of her.
The indoctrination starts early.
So doctors, most have completely good intentions.
They want to get into it because they think that they can change the world.
They think they can make people healthier.
But when they start medical school,
What most doctors don't understand is medical schools are now controlled by pharma.
In fact, they should be renamed pharma schools because that's what they are.
200 Harvard medical students demanded pharma out of their administration, out of their school.
They went to the administration at Harvard and said, get the industry out.
Do you know what happened?
Absolutely nothing.
The New York Times wrote an article on it, but it went nowhere.
And in fact, in the Ivy League schools, there is more pharma money than other universities.
Big money in research.
But Brandy, you know, the medical research, scientific research says that these drugs are good for us.
Who's doing those studies?
Pharma.
A lot of people don't understand.
FDA does not do studies.
The Food and Drug Administration, that is our regulatory agency, they don't do studies.
They review studies done by pharmacies.
She's way too far ahead of the narrative, right?
They weren't supposed to stay this and complain about the FDA until 2024.
She's like eight years ahead of this controlled demolition of America.
She was really going to screw it up.
It was up to Kevin McKernan to go on in 2020 and say that the FDA is in the way and we could have ended the pandemic if they weren't making us fill out 10 pages of forms for our EUAs.
Yes, ladies and gentlemen.
You can see it very clearly if you hear it from the right person.
They often, they're so understaffed, they don't go visit the test sites.
They don't go visit the sites where the drugs are being tested.
They rely on pharmaceutical companies, to be honest,
But are pharmaceutical companies honest?
They are not.
From my experience, they are anything but honest.
But they do have a darn good marketing spin.
So nearly 75% of all scientific studies on safety and efficacy of pharma drugs are at least partially funded, most fully funded, by the company that benefits.
And guess what?
If there's a study that's underway and it's not showing positive results,
Or maybe there are some doctors that are pushing back.
Guess what?
They can stop it without alerting the FDA.
They can stop it completely, and there's no regulations that they have to tell the FDA that.
Merck did it with BIOPS.
So, it's a really skewed system.
Studies that are,
meta-analysis studies, the big thing in science, and everybody's like, oh, the science supports this.
We have to look where that science is coming from.
Because there are some independent researchers that will buff the system, but guess what?
They run out of grant funding very quickly, unfortunately, when they go up against the system.
Sometimes it's career suicide.
So we aren't seeing a lot, but we are seeing some.
We are seeing some amazing researchers and scientists come out, and doctors come out and say,
Things are definitely wrong.
Meta-analysis as well, 80% of meta-analysis studies, which are the studies that take a broad range, maybe hundreds of studies, and they try to find correlations, and they say, oh, they're more independent because it's a broad range of studies.
80% of meta-analysis studies for the antidepressant industry, the antidepressant sector, had industry ties.
Some of them were not even disclosed.
But again, don't listen to me.
I'm just the messenger, right?
There are some amazing people doing a lot of work behind the scenes to expose this.
And Dr. Richard Horton is the current editor-in-chief of The Lancet.
It is one of the most prestigious medical journals in the world.
Current editor.
And he wrote in 2015 of Editor's Letters saying, the case against science is straightforward.
Much of scientific literature, perhaps half, may simply be untrue.
Why?
Because of flagrant conflicts of interest and bias in the study results.
What about the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration that's supposed to be regulating, that we pay with our tax dollars to regulate the system, right?
Regulate the industries.
They are severely underfunded.
The FDA, this is a nominee, but he's now running the FDA.
It's Dr. Califf.
He was Obama's selection, and unfortunately, even though the Congress did not want to approve him, it went through.
He ran Duke's medical research at the Duke University, multimillion dollar clinical research center.
It took 60% of its funding from the industry.
So this is medical research center taking 60% of its funding from the industry that it's supposed to be independently studying and researching on.
He himself had a conflict of interest section
stating that he has worked as a consultant and taken consulting fees from more than 20 pharmaceutical and biotech companies.
He is the ultimate industry insider, and he is now heading up our regulatory agency that we pay for with our tax dollars.
He's famous for a quote that says, regulation provides a barrier to disruptive innovation.
He doesn't believe in regulation, and he's now heading up
Now remember that Mary Holland was on the Bannon show just a few days ago talking about how RFK would allow innovation in health care and included AI in that innovation.
Here is Brandy Vaughn, 10 years ago, warning us that the word innovation was being used to describe all of the nasty plans that they have.
Government regulatory agency.
This scares me.
This really scares me because I don't see this as a sign that things are getting better.
We cannot trust the system to change.
There's a revolving door between the FDA and Big Pharma.
It's severely underfunded, it's understaffed.
If you behave and do well in FDA, and by behave it means don't cause any too much trouble, don't, you know, talk about
you know, bad safety or actually don't regulate anything at all, then you're going to get a great job in pharma or academia afterwards.
If you speak out, your career is over.
You're blacklisted.
The CDC, the Center for Disease Control, which is responsible for things like our vaccine schedule, it is just as bad.
In fact, Julie Gerberdinger, Julie Gerberdinger,
She ran the CDC for seven years and in the last decade, and she doubled the childhood vaccine schedule under her tenure.
There were also some really shady studies that came out while she was there at the CDC.
There's CDC Whistleblower, which was the subject of the documentary Vax.
I would be willing to bet that my friend Housatonic Live has a very nice page on Julie Gerberding.
I bet that's true.
who is a senior scientist there, saying that there is fraud going on.
There is fraud going on with the studies that are being done at the CDC.
He is now silenced through federal whistleblower status.
Congress has not interviewed him.
There is serious fraud going on here.
And people are part of the problem.
The CDC is part of the problem.
I think she might actually be talking about the whistleblower that eventually spoke to Brian Hooker, but I'm not for sure about that.
There are two Merck scientists also suing Merck right now for fraud.
There is a lot of fraud going on.
Don't forget that Vincent Rancinello's wife, Rancinello's wife, worked for Merck on Ivermectin for 20 years before the pandemic.
That's an interesting thing.
In this industry and with the government agencies that are supposed to be regulating it, that are supposed to be independent, that are supposed to be paid by our tax dollars.
And yet, industry money is getting in there.
So, this is interesting.
Pharma spends more on marketing its products than it does on research and development.
So, you know, if it was really focused, if it was an industry focused on keeping us healthy and really finding the root of the problem and really addressing things, their research and development budget would be the highest priority.
They're spending six to ten times more marketing their products, putting it on television, convincing you you have a disorder you probably don't have, so that you'll go to the doctor and ask for a pill you don't need.
They spend more on marketing than research and development.
Six times, according to the Huffington Post.
It's all about the money.
Why don't you hear about this on TV?
Well, the US is one of the few countries in the world that allow pharmaceutical companies to advertise directly to consumers in newspapers and magazines, on television.
They're the second largest advertiser on television.
$5.2 billion in 2015 on direct advertising to consumers.
40% of advertising dollars are controlled by pharma.
So this allows pharmaceutical companies to control what we're hearing.
The advertising in the media, they're not going to bite the hand that feeds them, right?
So they just get these ghost-written articles and studies from pharma, and that's the latest headline on the news.
Oh, new promising cancer research into this area, colon cancer.
You know, studies are underway, right?
It's marketing.
It's a press release that they're reading from.
It is not independent journalism anymore in this country, unfortunately.
There are some independent journalists that have left that system and said, uh-uh, this is not right.
This is not independent.
We are doing a disservice to journalism because this is really marketing for corporations.
Cheryl Atkinson is one of the, is someone you should all follow because she's amazing and she stepped outside of that system and she lost her career.
John Rappaport is another one.
Interesting, wow.
But you know what?
Listen, honey, you're not fooling anyone.
We're gonna wake up, right, with events like this, as soon as this information gets out there, and with all of these people that I've mentioned that are working behind the scenes to expose this kind of corruption, right?
They're not gonna fool us for long, right?
They're not gonna fool us for long, is what she said in 2016.
You can see how
As much as she knows and as much as she can see, she too underestimates how committed these people are to doing it.
She can't see that Twitter and Gab and Telegram and Locals and Rumble
are gonna show up on the scene.
She can't see that podcasters are gonna show up on the scene.
She might not even be able to see that CHD is coming, and ICANN is coming, and Vaxxed is coming, and what they will do to dilute this, you know, we're all gonna eventually see it thing.
Holy cow.
And medical science has made such tremendous progress, there's hardly a healthy human left.
I love this.
This was foreseen, right?
Medical science looks very, very different than what we're told when we're children, than what it looked like 30 years ago.
I wish it wasn't that way.
I wish I didn't have to do events like this.
I wish I didn't have to, you know, spend my life traveling the road getting this information out there.
I wish it wasn't the case, but it is.
there to be healthy humans left, and I want us to have a choice.
And a lot of people ask me, Brady, how did you end up speaking out?
I started speaking out when I saw that they were trying to take that choice away from us.
Take away that choice to say no, and to keep our health, and decide what health looks like to us, and to step outside of that system.
And once they take that choice away, again, there will be hardly a healthy human left.
So we're now one of the most drugged up countries in the world and one of the sickest.
But the prescription drug market is saturated, right?
They're having a really hard time creating
new drugs because they're having a hard time creating new diseases, right?
They already have labels for almost everything you can walk into a doctor's office with, right?
Oh, I broke my hair here.
Something may be wrong, you know?
Oh, well, maybe, well, it could be lupus.
Oh, that's one of the symptoms of lupus.
You know, not all doctors are like this, okay?
But unfortunately, too many are.
And it's
They're having a hard time creating new diseases and disorders.
And the pharmaceutical industry, it's very competitive.
They have to spend 5.2 billion a year marketing because there are a lot of drugs in each category state.
And there's high liability.
Look at, Vioxx was pulled off the market.
There were class action lawsuits.
The US government sued them for fraud.
There's high liability.
And it takes high investment.
You have to be able to invest in the drug trials when you're not even sure that it's gonna be on market, right?
So there are a lot of high barriers to coming on market and to getting new drugs on the market.
But vaccines are a whole new category.
of money and market to be made.
So I have to talk about this because this is where they're going next.
Because for all of those diseases and all of those disorders they've created, there's already six, seven pills on the market for it, right?
And your patent expires in 10 years.
But
What if we created vaccines for them?
Right?
It's such a weird quote for Aldous Huxley.
Medical science has made such tremendous progress that there is hardly a healthy human left.
His son, Julian Huxley, or is that his brother?
Is it his brother or his son?
Julian Huxley wrote one of the articles and the introduction to Man and His Future, a great book that everybody should find.
purchased by the Siba Foundation.
There's a great article in here from Herman Muller and also a great article in here from a guy by the name of Hilary Koprowski.
There's just a lot of really good stuff in here.
I think also maybe... who else wrote in this book?
Interesting book it is.
It's just a great book.
I think I have like six copies of it because I think it's so important for the future to preserve these things.
Hilary Koprowski's in here.
Sir Julian Huxley is in here.
Herman Muller is in here.
Joshua Lederberg, I've heard of that guy before, he's also in here.
Quite frankly, I think this is one of the most extraordinary books that nobody talks about except for Mark and I.
and Uwe Altschner from Germany, who introduced me to this book, actually.
Thank you very much.
Shout out to Uwe, whose interview on Substack and on German radio just went out last week on the 30th or the 29th or whatever the Friday was of January.
If you haven't seen it, check that out, because it's really, really good.
And called it preventative healthcare.
That is where they're gonna make their money next.
It's his brother, okay, thanks.
So I always get, well, so when I started studying vaccines after my son was born,
What I found was even worse than what I found with Vioxx.
And I saw that all go down from the inside.
How did I get to starting studying vaccines?
Because I had my son in Europe.
So after I worked for Merck, I left before Vioxx was even pulled off the market.
And I ended up moving to Europe.
And I saw how healthcare was done totally differently over there.
Okay, so I'm getting a little chills right now because
Because we had our kids in Norway, our two boys.
And when we had our daughter in America, we should have known better.
We could have known better because I was on this train.
I was solving this mystery.
I was about to figure it all out, but I didn't know then because in 2022, in 2021, in 2020,
In 2019, in 2018, in 2017, I didn't know who CHD was.
I didn't know that the vaccine schedule was weird.
It wasn't until my daughter was actually born and I watched them inject her twice and wondered, what in the hell is going on here?
And I'm going to be ashamed for the rest of my life.
So she's not a person who's come to this fight because she has a damaged kid.
She's a person that came to this fight because she was paying attention as a responsible adult.
And when she moved to Europe, she found exactly the same thing that I did.
It's remarkable.
And I know this is going to sound like a crazy story, but I swear this is a true story.
I have hay fever, right?
I was vaccinated and I've had vaccine damage done.
I got IBS from a hep B vaccine when I was 24.
I am allergic to pollen in the air, right?
It's better now that I've done a lot of detox.
We'll go into that a little bit later, but I went into a doctor's office in Amsterdam when I moved over there and I said, can I get a prescription for Allegra?
She moved over to Amsterdam.
That's so cool.
That's the first place that I moved to too.
Wow.
That's, that is, this is such a weird video.
And they, he said, what's that?
And I'm like, well, I have hay fever.
And he said, hay fever.
I'm like, yeah, I'm allergic to pollen in the air.
He's like, you're allergic to plants.
Okay.
Right.
If you think about it from an outside perspective, seems a little odd, doesn't it?
So he's like, you're allergic to
Plants in the air that we breathe that we need to breathe to survive.
I'm like Yeah, and he says hmm.
Are you sure you're not allergic to oil and gas?
fumes Because that's toxic plants are natural right, so
How do we end up thinking that all of these autoimmune conditions, like allergies, hay fever, food allergies, asthma, all of these autoimmune issues are due to damaged immune systems?
Isn't that weird?
I haven't heard the Health Freedom Movement in 2024 or 2025 saying that auto emissions are a problem.
That's weird, isn't it?
Wow.
Right?
And the toxins we're overloaded with.
but we're considering it normal.
We're being trained by- Heavy metals are in auto emissions.
That's interesting, isn't it?
By the medical industry and pharmaceutical industry to believe that this is normal.
It's not normal in a lot of other countries.
So, I started, I had my son over there in Europe.
I was in Holland and I had my son at homework, natural birth in Holland with a midwife.
They don't do vaccines on the first day of birth.
They don't do vaccines in pregnancy, which used to be contraindicated.
There are no studies showing that that is that, that it's safe.
And that's a whole nother story, but they don't push vaccines.
I came back to Sam.
Now remember this is 2016 where the idea of vaccinating pregnant women is now being tossed around and being made slowly into normal.
This is one of the things that the former Research and Development Director of the Human Genome Project never talks about with regard to the mRNA vaccines, never talks about the idea that we should have never been transfecting pregnant women.
I worked for the Human Genome Project.
I've been doing transfection since 1998 with Sabatini.
I would never have transfected my wife.
This would be ridiculous.
But Kevin McKernan didn't say that from 2020 until right now.
Children's Health Defense didn't say that from 2020 until right now.
I worked for them for more than a year trying to get them to say it and they didn't say it.
This lady was saying it in 2016 and I bet before.
Francisco with my six month old son, completely vaccine free and I went to a well baby visit.
By the way, do you know we're one of the few countries in the world that actually takes healthy children to the doctor, right?
What is that for?
Why do we take healthy children to the doctor?
To get them weighed and hyped.
We can do that at home.
It's training.
Because every well visit lines up with the vaccine schedule.
Pediatricians make 60, 70% of their money from baby well visits.
This is very bad because she was revealing something that nobody wanted anybody to know right now.
I think if you went back and watched the Vaxxed movies, I wonder to what extent they would be exposing all the things that Brandy's exposing here and to what extent they were doing it succinctly and clearly.
It's vaccine visits.
So I went to one, right?
Because I didn't know any better.
Okay.
I went to one on post street here in San Francisco and the pediatrician said, Oh wow, he needs like a 12, 15 vaccines to catch him up because he doesn't have any.
And I'm like, you know what?
He's really healthy.
So, and I'm breastfeeding.
So, you know, I, he needs 12 to 15 vaccines in order to catch up.
That's awesome.
I think I'm going to do my research.
And he's like,
And then I saw him turn, and I've seen this with doctors, because we trained them to do it, to put the pressure on.
And he's like, oh, but I'm a doctor, trust me.
And I said, oh, I used to work for Merck and actually called on pediatricians.
I know exactly where you get your information.
So I'm going to do my own research.
Yeah.
And I see product inserts.
He stormed out of the room.
Nurse comes in.
OK, we'll see you in two months.
And I said, you will never see me again.
And that was the day, it was five years ago, that I started my research.
And- Five years ago, look at that.
2011, she started this.
And you don't think that Mary Holland was put in place in 2015, one year before this, when Brandy was already five years into her research, already had her organization, already had all of her credentials and had sacrificed everything.
has this story down pat, has all these stats, and you don't think that Mary Holland was put on Democracy Now with Paul Offit and ran Paul on purpose?
Well, then you're just keeping your head in the sand because this lady's dead because she said it right and was saying it right without permission in 2016 and before.
What I found was even worse than anything I'd seen in the pharmaceutical prescription drug industry because the safety testing done on vaccines is far less rigorous than even prescription drugs because they are not classified as a prescription drug.
So, basically... How powerful would it be if Mary Holland said that it's not just me, you know, it's people like Brandy Vaughn, the shoulders of giants that I stand on, like Laura Bono.
I'm just one person.
There were lots of people before me, and some of them are dead.
Why don't any of these people say that?
Why doesn't Jessica Rose know about any of these people?
Why doesn't Meryl Nass know about any of these people?
Why didn't Mary Holland give every once in a while a reminder to Brandy Vaughn?
Why isn't Brandy Vaughn's birthday celebrated by anti-vaxx groups or something like that just to say, hey, don't forget about her?
Come on, ladies and gentlemen, it's right here for the taking now.
If vaccines are a pharmaceutical product, right?
Every pharmaceutical product has side effects.
But vaccines are classified as a biological product versus a prescription drug, so they don't undergo the same rigorous safety testing.
When I was in pharmaceutical, working for Merck, double-blind, placebo-based, gold standard safety testing was done, long-term safety testing.
That is not done on vaccines.
So the placebo they use is either another vaccine, which has the same toxic ingredients, which I'm gonna show you in a minute, in it, or a shot of those toxic ingredients, like with Gardasil.
I mean, I invite everybody to fact check me.
Go grab the Gardasil insert off the Merck website.
Look at that.
I am gonna state it right here, plain and simple.
I think Brandy Vaughn's message was absorbed
and sabotaged by ICANN and CHD.
I think they absorbed every little piece of her narrative that they thought would be safe to absorb and they put it into Vax and Vax 2 and then they went forward with this big top tent of health freedom and said that we should have vaccine choice.
This lady's not arguing for vaccine choice.
Do you see the big problem here, the big difference?
It's maybe subtle, but for me, it is the essential difference between me and them is the same difference between them and Brandy.
She's not saying she wants the freedom to say this shit.
She wants the freedom to stop it.
She wants to change the world, not give everybody a voice.
placebo.
There were only 300 people in a real saline placebo group, and then the rest were given straight aluminum.
And then all of the results, they combined the saline group, 300 people, with the 9,000 people on the aluminum shot versus the 9,000 with Gardasil, with the virus plus aluminum.
And it's one of the most toxic ingredients.
There's many more in them, but that's one of them.
This is, I mean, we're being lied to.
They were never, that is not a safety test.
That is not a valid safety test.
And it's being done by the company again, that company.
Now keep in mind that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Merrill Nass and Mary Holland will say that these have not been double blind placebo tested.
They will say that.
But they will not say that that makes safety testing a lie.
Brandy said it.
We're being lied to.
I say that too.
And for five years, people have been asking me not to use such violent language.
Don't use those words because that just pushes everybody away.
Like the word traitor does.
I think Brandy would be very proud of what I'm doing right now.
I think Brandy might even be some of the reason why I feel confident that I'm doing the right thing, because every video I've ever seen of this woman makes me believe that she was onto the same thing that I was onto, am onto now, only 10 years before I was.
And if I had met or seen or stumbled upon Brandy's work then, I would have probably discounted her as a nutcase too.
because everybody around her would have made me, encouraged me, but probably would have found other people instead.
You see, ladies and gentlemen, the truth is available.
We just have to be willing to look for it.
Profits off of it.
So they have never been proven safe.
And so our children have become this experimental test group, right?
Our children have become experimental test animals.
Well, holy shit!
There's another thing that nobody else will say in the last five years but us.
Ho ho ho ho!
Wow!
And I showed you stats on how sick we are as a population.
Our children are even far sicker.
Cancer is now the leading cause of death in children.
Leukemia, which is an autoimmune cancer, which if you're injecting... If you're interested in archiving any of our videos, it's good to go for Brandy Vaughn on BitChute.
There are quite a few there that need to be downloaded and archived.
...a whole bunch of stuff into the arm and you're bypassing the immune system, you're raising antibodies, yes, but that's not immunity.
And we have no detox process.
So, our children are suffering.
their immune systems are being damaged at skyrocketing rates, and so that's why we're seeing all of these things in our childhood population.
The real epidemics, type 1 diabetes, leukemia, cancer, brain and head and neck cancer, this is exactly where all of those toxic ingredients that are in the vaccines are going.
These are the real epidemics in our country.
The Institute of Medicine said, sorry it's a little bit blurry, I'll read it to you,
It's highlighted here.
Key elements of the entire vaccine schedule, the number, the frequency, the timing, the order of administration, the combination, toxicity effects, none of this has been systemically examined in research studies.
So if anyone tells me science is settled, I mean, there has been- Did you see the flash?
Somebody's taking a picture.
They're trying to get this slide and make sure that it's awesome.
But there is no science proving that they're safe.
There is no science.
And there is a lot of science, a lot of independent science, showing the toxicity of the additives.
And they're never going to be proven safe.
Why?
Because remember how I talked about Vioxx liability and how prescription drug market, if there is, if side effects do outweigh the benefits, which are rarely
Real, to be honest.
People can be sued, right?
You can sue pharmaceutical companies and they have to expose things.
Not with vaccines.
Vaccine makers, which are pharmaceutical companies, get a complete free pass when it comes to vaccines.
You cannot sue them for damages that the vaccines are doing.
So they will never be proven safe.
They have absolutely no incentive to make vaccines safer.
They have no incentive to do the safety testing because there's no liability.
It's a complete moneymaker with no liability.
This is the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Act that declared vaccine makers completely protected, federally protected from lawsuits for injuries.
So if your child is injured or dies, which does happen, it's listed on vaccine inserts, by the way,
You should check the real side effects that are listed on there because you will never see that.
The doctor will never give that to you unless you beg and plead and, I don't know, sneak it out of the nurse's office.
But you can download it online.
Check these inserts out.
A lot of these things that we're seeing in our population are listed as side effects of the vaccines.
But they don't want you to know that.
And there's no liability.
What happened to the vaccine schedule after 1986?
Anyone who tells you that they're fully vaccinated and they're fine, if they're over five, it doesn't even apply.
Because in the 60s, there were five doses of vaccines.
In the 1980s, what I got, I maybe got 10, 12.
And you know what?
Parents didn't always take children in for the boosters.
so pushed and pressured.
There wasn't that pressure that there is nowadays.
So I probably didn't even get the 24 doses.
Now, for my son to go to school in California because of a law that was passed last year, he would have to have 35 doses by age 5 in California.
49 is the schedule from the CDC.
72 is the schedule now for children up to 18 years of age with boosters and HPV and all of these vaccines included.
72.
I mean, does anyone in here have 72 vaccines?
But we're all still alive.
How is that possible?
Right?
And I guarantee you, the entire population, very few people in Europe have 72 vaccines.
In fact, their schedules look very, very, very different.
In fact, they look like that 1960s schedule.
And
They're all alive as well, right?
But pharma would lead us to believe that we would all be dead.
I'll get into that in a minute.
So the U.S.
vaccine program, we recommend 53 doses of vaccines by six years of age, more vaccines than any other country.
No other country gives vaccines in Uruguay.
This is toxic chemicals going into a developing fetus.
Now I want you to understand how precise she's being.
how wonderfully precise she's being and how wonderfully imprecise the same people at CHD are not.
The same people at ICANN are not.
The same doctors at CHD are not this precise.
The same doctors at ICANN are not this precise.
And in 2016, Brandy Vaughn, a former Merck executive, is being very precise about ending something.
not health freedom, not free speech, not freedom of choice, but ending the poisoning and murdering of our children.
the criminal vaccine schedule in America, which can be most easily shown to someone naive to the phenomenon by just comparing the US vaccine schedule to any other vaccine schedule in the West, which is what she just suggested these people do.
And the only person that's ever suggested that in the last five years that I know of is me.
CHD never does it.
There's no book about the comparing or there's no chapter.
There's no chapter in the green book.
There's no chapter in this green book comparing the vaccine schedule in America to the vaccine schedule all across Europe.
Even though that would have been a pretty easy dunk for Brian Hooker and for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to add into the beginning of this book, wouldn't it?
But it's not in there.
It's not in the beginning of James Lyons Wyler's 2016 book either about the genetic and environmental causes of autism.
She's not saying there are any genetic causes to this toxicity.
It's just poisoning.
He says there's a pretty big genetic cause.
This guy's still promoted on stage by CHD.
That chick's dead.
It's contraindicated, it was contraindicated on the vaccine inserts until the FDA made a rule change a few years ago.
Animal studies show birth defects.
And we're being pushed this.
There are promotional campaigns to give pregnant women vaccines.
This was unheard of 20, 10, 20 years ago.
then no other country gives the amount of vaccines that we do as well.
Six to nine doses for children, on average, when they go into that doctor's office.
She's repeating the same thing that I'm repeating that nobody repeats by comparing what they do in other countries.
You can see how malevolent our own schedule is.
And CHD has been so inept at doing that, ICANN has been so inept at doing that, that it can only be seen as malevolence.
And you know what, the crazy thing?
Children don't even have a developed immune system.
It's still developing.
They can't even initiate the proper response, even if you wanted to argue that vaccines create the right immunity response, which they don't.
Immunity is very complicated, and there are many layers to it.
And it begins here in the nose, eyes, mouth, and ears.
It doesn't begin here.
There's no pathway from the arm.
Oh, there's no pathway from the arm.
She just said it without even really wanting to say it.
Intramuscular injection with any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is so dumb, it's gotta be evil.
I really like Brandy Vaughn, don't you?
Yeah, that doesn't confer immunity, not real immunity.
So, we're giving six to nine.
There's no combination studies.
So all the vaccine safety studies are studied individually, right?
They find children that haven't been vaccinated again and they test one vaccine.
We're giving them 72 by age 18.
You know, and I think that it's easy for people to understand that when you combine toxic chemicals, you have no idea what kind of reactions are gonna happen.
A COMBINATION OF SUBSTANCES WITH THE INTENT OF AUGMENTING THE IMMUNE SYSTEM IS DUMB?
SAY IT AIN'T SO!
Right?
It increases the toxicity.
And, we have four times, four more times, ah, four times more vaccines than in the 80s.
So, another thing about the children.
We give 26 vaccines by age one year.
We, um, clearly,
If that was healthy, we would have the healthiest infant population, right?
So we give more infant vaccines than any other country, 26.
Two in utero, so that would be 28 if the pregnant mother gets the two that are recommended.
So we would clearly have the healthiest infants, right?
Well, we don't.
We actually have the highest.
There's a lot of crying babies in the audience.
SIDS rate, and the highest infant mortality.
So, of the developed world.
Clearly, something's wrong.
So if vaccines are so healthy, and they're keeping us alive, why do we have the highest infant mortality rate?
Right?
What a weird question not to ask, CHD.
What a weird question not to ask in the beginning of every book you publish.
What a weird question not to have at the front of every website.
Wow, it's so strange.
It's almost like you don't really want to change the world at all, right?
And you can, if you can, if you look at different countries, these countries that have the lowest infant death rate, they have the lowest infant vaccine schedule.
Is she still comparing the outcomes of vaccine schedules in our country versus the outcomes and vaccine schedules in other countries?
Oh my gosh.
Imagine if CHD did that.
Imagine if Brian Hooker would have put that in this stupid book and then CHD actually tried to sell this book instead of the black book or the red book.
This is not a coincidence.
SIDS is not a disease.
SIDS is Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
It is a label.
A label saying we don't know why this healthy baby just died, right?
What's interesting also is that CHD doesn't really fight for justice for the people who lost kids to SIDS.
Even though if Brandy's right and I'm right, then actually SIDS is just vaccine toxicity killing kids.
So it seems to me there's a lot of lawsuits waiting to happen, a lot of justice that's unserved.
and they're focused on autism.
Not that autism isn't bad, but there's a lot of death that could be added to this list of things, right?
Does vaccine schedule cause autism or does the vaccine schedule also cause SIDS?
Because Brandy Vaughn in 2016 was saying that not only does it cause all these toxicities and she hasn't even said autism yet.
Isn't that weird?
She hasn't even said autism yet!
She hasn't even said autism yet.
Do you hear it yet?
I get a lot of time.
Oh, that's just a coincidence, Brandy.
Is it?
Then if that's such a coincidence, then why did Save the Children do a report saying that the US has the highest first day death rate in the developed world?
What a weird statistic never to say, CHD.
What a weird statistic not to have in Vaxxed or Vaxxed 2.
The number one
highest first day newborn death rate in the world.
Holy shit.
And we are one of the only countries that gives hepatitis B, which is a sexually transmitted or intravenous drug transmitted illness like HIV.
We give that vaccine within 12 hours of birth in hospitals.
It is protocol in the US, right?
We have the highest first-day death rate.
It is not that we have lack of medical care, right?
We spend more per country on health care than any other country, developed country.
So clearly, you know, it is not a coincidence.
So the immune system is not mature, as I said, there's no brain-blood barrier for babies.
And again, if you hear I'm vaccinated, then I'm fine.
There's no developed blood-brain barrier in babies?
Holy shit.
I didn't know that.
If that's true, holy shit.
Why doesn't CHD say that?
Why isn't that the foundation of the introduction of this book, right?
If you don't see the malevolence yet, I'm not sure I can help you.
It doesn't even apply anymore.
It's someone under five years of age.
All right, so big money in vaccines.
A lot of people are saying, but Brandy, you know, vaccines aren't profitable.
That couldn't be further from the truth.
So again, like I said, there's a low barrier to entry, right?
Low subpar safety testing.
No gold standard testing.
So lower safety testing levels, less money, less investment.
High profit margin, right?
I'm gonna show you these slides in a minute.
There's lack of competition.
It's a near monopoly in most vaccine categories.
And then there's no need to market, right?
Because it's a near monopoly and vaccines are patented formulas.
So, you know, usually there's only one or two companies in each disease state, like with the NMR vaccine.
There's no liability.
It's also important to realize that once you get a vaccine approved, in order for a new vaccine to replace your vaccine, you have to somehow show a higher effectivity, and that's a pretty hard thing to manage, given how these things are established in the first place.
So, I'm not saying she's missing this, I'm saying that she's hitting so many things, you can't hit everything in a two-hour talk, but that's an additional layer to this as well.
There's nearly 300 vaccines in development.
right now.
Nearly 300, and more are being added every day.
I'm missing a slide in here.
All right.
Well, the World Health Organization has estimated that in vaccines, there's twice as much profit margin with vaccines as there are in prescription drugs because it's such a saturated market.
Vaccines are where pharmaceutical companies are going for their next big money-making activity.
So she's warning us that there is a move from pharmaceutical products to vaccines and it's happening in 2016 and she can see it.
Interesting observation.
What about immunity?
We'd all be dead, right?
Without vaccines.
That's what they want us to believe.
That's what they train us to believe.
In fact, they are now teaching science teachers to teach children in public school the actual, you will get cancer if you don't get vaccinated.
That is the line that now they are teaching, well, teachers are being enlisted into certain programs to tell children.
So,
I always hear, but we would all be dead, vaccines saved us, right?
What about immunity?
So I have to cover this, right?
Did vaccines really save us?
90% of diseases were on decline well before vaccine programs were introduced.
And I'm going to show you a slide that will blow your mind in a minute.
But let's take a step back.
What is immunity, right?
The immune system is really, really complicated.
Thousands and thousands of years to biologically become what it is today.
We have been fighting viruses.
We've been fighting illnesses.
Our species has survived without vaccines for thousands and thousands of years.
And if you want to step back even further, we are far sicker now on a chronic basis than we were back in those days.
Yes, there were two world wars in the early 1900s.
We had an industrial revolution, there wasn't sanitation, there wasn't clean water, there wasn't food resources in cities, yet cities were, people were flocking to cities.
So we had some epidemics outbreaks, including tuberculosis and cholera.
They were two of the largest.
Are you aware that in the Palace of Versailles, there are no bathrooms?
Are you aware that when people were walking around and visiting that palace back in the day, that people were just shitting in the stairwells?
That the dogs shit inside too?
And that that's one of the reasons why these ladies wore these big dresses?
Are you aware of that at all?
That there was shit and piss in the corridors of the Palace of Versailles?
She is telling the story of Susan Humphreys and that other guy, Roman something something book.
And I'm just going to get up for a second and get that book so I can see when that book was published.
Where is that book?
Sorry, I'm going to find it in a second.
2013.
So maybe she's going to cite this book.
Maybe she's even going to pull a figure out of this book.
But in 2013,
In 2013, Susan Humphreys and Roman Bestantic, who I don't trust.
I don't trust the Roman guy because they tried to get me to do podcasts with Roman recently.
And Roman has kind of sort of discounted me on Twitter a little bit.
He's on Twitter, so he's employed too.
And they, of course, put him in front of Suzanne.
And Suzanne is actually a really bright woman.
prominently featured in Vax 2.
Sometimes she's on stage at CHD, but never as the feature lady.
I think Susan Humphries is a good guy and maybe Roman Biansky is probably working for them or something like that.
Or maybe they're both good, I don't know.
But in this book is really where they demonstrate that sanitation and, you know, washing hands and taking care of the water and better food are all part of it.
So let's see what she says.
are just killers in the early 1900s.
Do we have tuberculosis and cholera much anymore these days?
Because pharmaceutical companies would love you to believe that vaccines are what saved us.
TB and cholera never had a vaccine program.
So why are we not dying in droves on the street?
If vaccines saved us, we should all be dead of TB and cholera, right?
It is just not true.
It is all marketing, right?
So the University of Virginia did a study.
Antibodies do not equal immunity.
Boy, Brandy Vaughn was way too far ahead.
I mean, really way too far ahead.
That rewrote immunology textbooks in 2014.
They finally found the connection between the brain
and the gut through the lymphatic system.
Before that study was published, two years ago, immunology textbooks said the brain and the gut are not connected.
There's no system that's connected.
Except there's also the vagus nerve, so there's a lot, that's awesome.
Right?
So, they're saying the science is settled, vaccines cause immunity, and we know all about the immune system, and don't ask questions, and if you do, you're crazy, right?
They just rewrote immunology textbooks two years ago.
And guess who writes the textbooks for medical school?
By the way, a lot of my work goes for it by pharmaceutical companies.
They wrote, rewrote the immunology textbooks in 2014.
She says, interesting antibodies, a temporary price and antibodies due to toxic additives in the vaccines does not equate immunity.
You know what I realized I missed one of these slides right here.
Do you know what's in that needle?
because everybody should know what's going in their body, right?
Aluminum is a known neurotoxin.
It is one of the major, it's the immune activator in vaccines.
Let's call it that.
It's an adjunct, technical terms.
It is a known neurotoxin.
It's linked to breast cancer.
It's linked to autoimmune issues.
It's linked to Alzheimer's, dementia.
Aluminum is in most vaccines.
And the ones that don't have aluminum have squalene,
you know, results in Gulf War syndrome, or they have mercury.
Every flu shot in California this past... Did she just explain Gulf War syndrome as squalene exposure?
Wow, that's extraordinary.
I wonder if there was any squalene in the anthrax vaccine, Mark.
...had mercury in it.
Even children's flu shots.
Down to six months of age.
Mercury is one of the most dangerous toxins known to man.
In St.
Louis, there was a high school recently, a month ago, that someone broke a thermometer, right?
It was all over the news.
Hazmat was called.
A thermometer was broken in a high school lab in St.
Louis.
The school was evacuated.
Hazmat teams go in, all covered in gear.
That's mercury.
It's in vaccines.
And don't let anybody tell you it is a safer form.
It is not.
And interestingly, the safe form or not safe form of mercury is the argument that Paul Offit and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
regularly enacted over the last 10 years or five years of their show.
It's really remarkable that this woman is hitting all the home runs and all the home runs and all the home runs.
It's really impressive.
Even small doses of poison are still poison.
It's not gonna kill you automatically.
Some people it does, depends on how much exposure, previous exposure you've had.
But- Intramuscular injection prevents the temporal association with the damage, right?
It makes the damage more subtle.
It makes the damage more progressive.
It makes the damage slower over time.
That's why intramuscular injection's so diabolically dumb.
It's a slow death.
Even a small dose of poison is poison.
Formaldehyde is an industrial pesticide.
It's a known human carcinogen labeled by the EPA and hundreds of other scientific agencies around the world.
Formaldehyde causes cancer.
That's pretty much
Known science, right?
So there are all of these articles coming out about Chinese wood floors, lumber liquidators, getting in trouble for the off-gassing of formaldehyde.
Because when you inhale it, it causes cancer.
Guess what they don't want you to know?
It's in vaccines.
And when you inject something into your arm, it goes straight to your vital organs.
It bypasses the natural detox, I'm sorry, the natural defenses of the body.
So this is going into all of these vital organs all over your body.
It's like free reign and it causes cancer.
It's unknown human carcinogen.
And I'm sure it's the SB 40 and do not let anybody tell you that, Oh, well that pair contains more formaldehyde than vaccines.
Yeah, because it's a pesticide, right?
So it is in the pear, and you shouldn't be eating that pear either.
But that pear goes through your body's defense system, your detox pathway.
So when you inhale something, when you eat something, when you drink something,
60% of those toxins, on average, are filtered out through your body.
They just go right out.
Because the organization of the immune system is organized around the barriers.
And so if you eat something, it's very different than intramuscularly injecting it.
Right, Brandy?
And it goes through the kidney, the liver, all of the mutations.
Holy shit.
These things are neutralized, right?
We have a process to neutralize those toxins.
when we inhale, drink, or eat something.
When we inject it into the arm, there is no process to deal with that.
Yeah!
Come on!
Do you understand how important this day is to realize that there are people like Brandi in 2016 are saying everything that I'm saying now, 10 years ago, and all of these heroes stepped in front of them.
That's why I didn't know who Brandi was when I had my daughter in America.
That's why I never seen a video of hers before, because CHD didn't have the humility to say that, well, somebody was doing it better than us.
Somebody like Susan Humphries or Brandy Vaughn was doing it better than us.
They don't have the humility to say that because that's exactly what they're not supposed to do.
Well, I'm doing it right now.
Go on Bitchute, watch any video you can find of this woman, archive it, and share it with your friends if you don't want to share me.
She had it right 10 years ago.
Whatever is injected is far more potent than ingested.
So we have to talk about vaccines when we talk about chemical toxicity.
Monosodium glutamate.
Don't eat it in Chinese food, people.
But don't ask questions when it's on that vaccine label, right?
All these supermarkets pulling all MSG-containing products off of their shelves in the next three years.
But it's in vaccines.
And again, far more potent when injected.
Formaldehyde, by the way.
Walmart is
taking off all formaldehyde products, because it can be in beauty care products as well.
And they are now taking formaldehyde-based products off the shelves.
But we're still injecting it.
So really, does it matter if it's in the body products if we're just saying yes to that flu shot and injecting it in the arm?
Polysorbate 80.
What is one of the biggest money makers in the medical field right now?
Yeah, a lot of autoimmune issues, right?
A lot of these toxins cause autoimmune issues.
I'm gonna get to that in a minute.
Polysorbate 80 is linked to infertility.
That is a booming business.
There's now infertility clinics on almost every mile, right?
Why are we having such a hard time conceiving?
It's because our bodies can't handle the toxins.
So it can't grow another body and another child.
That's the recording, sorry.
When it's under attack from all of these toxins.
So polysorbate 80, linked to infertility and neurological issues.
It also opens the brain blood barrier.
So we have a brain blood barrier, which is a defense mechanism in our body so that toxins don't enter our brain.
Polysorbate 80,
actually opens it up.
So when it's combined... Maybe they screwed up the sound on this part of the video because they don't want you to hear this part.
In vaccines, it's allowing these toxins to go straight into our brain.
That is why we have so many neurological issues.
Why Alzheimer's, there was an article just written a month ago on early onset Alzheimer's.
It's happening now in 30 year olds.
dementia, neurological issues affect behavior, ADHD, tics, seizures, epilepsy, autism, brain damage, all of these things, inflammation of the brain, and we're destroying our brain cells when we add these toxins into our body.
So, there's also foreign, human, and animal DNA in vaccines.
There is aborted fetal tissue.
A lot of
People who are very pro-life are very disturbed by this.
Wow, it's not the right slide right now.
I think they really did screw this presentation up.
But it's true.
It's the reality.
Wow.
The method of introduction, again, injection is far more potent.
So what does the CDC say?
What do they credit for the decline in infectious disease?
Look, I'm not trying to be a paranoid person, but the sound suddenly became only one-sided, and this slide is not showing her, and it's not the slide she's talking about, and this was a slide that was up quite a while ago in the talk.
I think that this talk was sabotaged, and I'm not even shitting.
In the U.S.
This is directly from the Center for Disease Control.
Historical data.
shows chlorinated water and sanitation and these things.
I'm not, this is, this is old slides.
They have manipulated this video, ruined the audio so that you might stop watching it here.
I believe it wholeheartedly.
Was responsible for the reduction in infectious disease.
It was not vaccines.
So this is when we had a flu pandemic.
This is when chlorinated water came into play.
These are the videos.
This is the big picture that she was supposed to show you where these are the pandemics.
This is where, this is where sanitation was brought in.
This is where she's looking at a different, probably something that was out of this book or the original that's not in this book, or I don't know what.
Wow.
This is, boy, this is awesome.
Death rate for infectious disease.
1900 to 1996.
Please take a picture of this slide.
It might not be online very long.
This is when the plague, the last transmission of the plague.
This is penicillin.
This is when the polio vaccine was introduced.
This is when vaccination, five vaccines started.
This is when vaccinations happened.
Maybe this is the right slide, I don't know, but you can't see where she's pointing.
This is not what they want you to see.
But this is the reality.
Again, there was no vaccine program for tuberculosis or cholera, which were two of the major killers in the early 1900s.
Feel free to find the non-corrupted video and forward it to me by email and I'll upload it to the Batcave for sure.
This is awesome.
Vaccines are what's saving us.
We cannot expect to create immunity, particularly herd immunity, which has never been seen in synthetic situations.
So herd immunity does not come from vaccines.
It comes from natural exposure through the natural immune pathway, the eyes, the ears, the nose, the mouth.
It takes the body to actually, you have to get that disease, even if you don't show symptoms, you have to be exposed and get that disease through the natural process before herd immunity can be created.
Interesting.
It cannot be created through vaccines.
It cannot be created through the arm.
It cannot be created through synthetic versions.
All right.
She is saying things that she cannot say.
This is way, way, way, way, way past the pale here.
Um, she would definitely need to be killed.
And I suspect that she was just in case you didn't get what the other slide meant.
I thought I'd throw this one out.
This is United States mortality rate.
There's the slide that they had covering the slide that she wanted you to take a picture of.
Cause she wasn't sure how long it would be available.
That's extraordinary to me.
historically from 1900 to 1963.
Again, 1963 is when the passage of the Vaccine Act.
There was no widespread vaccination until the 1960s.
So, this graph includes measles, scarlet fever, typhoid, whooping cough, and diphtheria.
Yeah, we had some issues in the early 1900s.
We had two massive world wars.
All of our resources were being sent overseas.
People had to have stamps and line up at the, you know, hour line waits for milk.
We had no, we didn't have clean water systems, we didn't have sanitation systems.
Hand washing, penicillin, all of these things.
We didn't have that.
And included in these death rates are all the soldiers that were sent overseas, right?
And the one- Without antibiotics.
Think about that.
Getting epidemics because they didn't have food, nutrition, clean water in the trenches.
We also had the great depression.
We also had the industrial revolution.
That is what was happening early on.
And again, without the vaccines for cholera, TB, scarlet fever,
We don't have them today.
It wasn't the vaccines that saved us.
But guess what?
People are starting to figure this out, right?
Because you can't spell pharma without the word harm.
Do you see that?
True story.
Maybe that's, if you take one thing away from this today, pharma spells harm, right?
Alright, pharma has to mandate vaccines because people are starting to like, hmm,
Not so sure about vaccines.
Some of this information is getting out there.
Again, we have a lot of amazing doctors and scientists that are coming out.
The information is getting out there in 2016 and then CHD and ICANN took over and.
And saying, Hey, something is going wrong here.
They lose their licenses usually and they lose their careers unfortunately, but they are leading the way.
to getting this information out to the public and this knowledge.
Knowledge is power.
But, guess what?
Pharmaceutical companies, they're starting to mandate vaccines for children because parents are used to going to the doctor, right?
We've been indoctrinated that we have to take our healthy babies to the doctor, right?
So it's easier to train parents and to get the vaccines into children.
And if everybody thinks that vaccines are normal in a childhood population, then maybe we'll think they're more normal for adults, right?
Adults don't really like vaccines, right?
We kind of are like, uh, that needle.
Uh, yeah, you know, I think I'm going to, I'm going to hold my own.
You know, I'm an adult now.
I got this, right?
According to the CDC, 85% of adults are not up to date on their vaccines.
85% of adults are not up to date on their flu vaccines in America in 2016.
It sounds like they have a problem.
They need to rectify.
Because otherwise, the population pyramid problem won't be easy to manage if these people won't take intramuscular injection when they tell them to.
Maybe we should put a bunch of people on social media to replace people like Brandy, and then we should stage a RNA pandemic narrative that convinces adults to take shingle shots.
That is where we are.
Brandy saw it coming, and Brandy's dead.
There are over 120 vaccines on the CDC adult schedule.
85% of us adults are resisting, right?
It's changing in years now with all of the pressure and free money to get flu shots.
Do you ever wonder why they have to pay you to get a flu shot?
Yeah, that should be a trigger right there.
If someone has to pay you to buy their car,
Is that a car you want?
They're coming after adults.
That's where the real money is to be made.
It's in the 85% of adults that are no longer up to date.
And they're passing mandatory vaccine laws for children first and then for different subsets of adults so that not all of us stand up and fight at once.
Do you not hear it?
Oh my gosh, it's hilarious, isn't it?
It's like, what, wait, what?
There was this lady, she was real?
2016, DTAP and stuff wasn't required?
Do you see where we are, ladies and gentlemen?
If you don't understand your history, you will lose.
If you don't understand the history of these people, you will lose.
Their history reveals their traitorous behavior.
Different sections of the adult community until all of us are going to be vaccinated.
Really?
If we want healthcare, because guess what?
How are they going to push it through on a federal level?
Right?
When you mandate universal healthcare, you can mandate almost anything within it.
So I have a lot of people that are like, Brandy, they're never gonna get me, they're not gonna get me to roll up my sleeve.
And I'm like, oh, do you have healthcare?
Well, of course, I'm on three different medications every day.
Well, then they're gonna get you.
Because health insurance companies, they're beholden to pharmaceutical companies.
Pharmaceutical companies have a stranglehold on health insurance companies because they give them discounts and kickbacks on very expensive drugs, very expensive EpiPens, all of these things.
if they follow their rules.
Well, what are pharma's rules?
They want everybody vaccinated, including mostly our 85%, which is going to be worth trillions of dollars.
She is telling you right now that there's trillions of dollars to be made to vaccinate adults in America in 2016.
Was CHD saying that?
Was CHD even thinking that?
Did CHD say that we have to end the vaccine schedule?
No, they just want health freedom.
They want freedom to choose.
They want a big top tent of health freedom where everybody can say what they want to, where everybody has a voice.
Brandy Vaughn and I would like to change the world all by ourselves if we have to, to make sure that every child in the future is safe from this mythology.
Very different objectives.
85% of adults in the U.S.
300 vaccines in the works.
All types of companies are getting in the vaccine game now because that's where the money's to be made.
Chemical companies are now, Monsanto actually, right before Bayer bought them, it was going into vaccines.
This is where people are going now for money.
So, what can we do?
What can we do about this?
The biggest thing is we have to understand
The bigger picture.
The Mayo Clinic website.
Cancer is a mutation of genes after birth.
This is not genetic.
Do not fall for the, oh, you have bad genetics line.
Do not fall for it.
Cancer is a mutation of genes after birth, due most often to environmental toxins.
Smoking, radiation, toxic chemicals, pollution.
She's telling you everything that I'm telling you.
It's absolutely remarkable that cancer is usually not due to some genetic cause.
That vulnerabilities to vaccines is not a genetic cause.
Ignore the genetic causes.
Brandy Vaughn was killed because she's got it right.
And with my own work and my own due diligence and my own stupidity and wandering through this narrative, I too have arrived finally in the end at the place where Brandy is that injection, intramuscular injection of a combination of substances and calling that medicine is so stupid.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a three hour show.
I think I'm gonna end it right here.
There's still, half of her talk is still going on.
I think it's because she answers questions.
She's ending the talk right here, right now, with why is nobody talking about the fact that injection versus ingestion.
She's actually saying what I'm saying in a different way.
Intramuscular injection is just plain dumb.
I love it, ladies and gentlemen.
I love it.
I love the fact that you were here to witness this, to be a part of this exploratory thing.
We are in 2025, and I think there's a lot of reason for hope.
There's a lot of reason for hope because PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud.
The only thing they have is synthetic recombinant genetics that has allowed them to make protein biologics for the last 20 years, including monoclonal antibodies.
And that means that they can make a lot of pure DNA.
And that means that they can put it somewhere and they could find it.
And that would be enough for them to turn a loud background into evidence of spread, especially if they were allowed to use their own PCR diagnostics.
The reason why they would do this is because transfection is a crime.
He would never do this to a healthy person, but they intend to do it to all of us.
And so they rolled out placebo to make sure that the vast majority of people would be unaware that these transfections are toxic.
And they will slowly roll away the placebos and roll in the hot shots for all the shingles and pneumonia and everything the adults need, just like Brandy warned us about 10 years ago.
One of the foundational myths of this immunomythology is the idea that an RNA molecule leaked in a mud puddle can go endemic after five years.
Stop lying!
Ladies and gentlemen, they use non-specific PCR tests to lie about it.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And the only person on the internet right now that's saying RNA cannot pandemic, that intramuscular injection is dumb, like Brandy Vaughn said before she was dead, transfecting healthy humans is always a crime and the population pyramids problem exists.
is me.
My name is Jonathan Cooley.
I come to you from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This has been GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief that indicates very clearly the team worst case scenario.
These guys are the criminals.
These guys are the ones that are responsible for the limited spectrum of debate that we are currently trapped in.
Thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you again tomorrow.
Yee-haw.